=== 2025-11-06 06:59:44 | https://angeassociation.com | 6.70 KB ===

Asia Natural Gas & Energy Association | Asia's Energy Future Supporting reliable, lower-carbon energy for Asia’s future From the CEO The Quarterly Q&A – with ANGEA CEO Paul Everingham – October 2025 In the News Unlocking the vast potential of cross-border CCS in Asia Pacific Natural gas is a strategic, reliable and affordable energy source that supports social and economic growth, and enables Asia’s transition to a long-term lower carbon and renewable energy mix. The Asia Natural Gas and Energy Association (ANGEA) work constructively with governments, societies, and industries to support energy solutions across Asia. More About Us Policy Areas Policy Priorities LNG to Asia Cross-border CCS for Asia Decarbonisation Power emissions reduction study Cross-border CCS Study Asia LNG demand Study Reports and Submissions Policy Priorities ANGEA’s policy priorities focus on supporting countries to build effective and integrated energy policies. Learn More LNG to Asia LNG supports energy security throughout Asia, as well as the region’s transition to a lower-carbon energy future. Learn More Cross-border CCS for Asia Cross-border value chains will be essential to unlocking the full potential of CCS in Asia Pacific. Learn More Decarbonisation ANGEA is committed to partnering with governments and policymakers to help achieve global climate goals. Learn More Power emissions reduction study S&P Global Commodity Insights study finds LNG will be a key to phasing out coal in Asia. Learn More Cross-border CCS Study Regional collaboration will be vital to Asia Pacific achieving net zero. Learn More Asia LNG demand Study Wood Mackenzie research finds Asia’s demand for LNG is set to nearly double by 2050. Learn More Reports and Submissions Access all of ANGEA’s contributions, submissions and research on energy issues that are critical for Asia. Learn More Natural gas use in Asia Pacific will more than double to 2050. Energy use in Asia Pacific will grow 67 % to 2050 Electricity generation in Asia Pacific will grow by 88 % to 2050 Economic output in Asia Pacific To grow by more than 260 % to 2050 * Information sourced from the US Energy Information Administration Energy Outlook 2023 (high economic growth rate scenario). Current Members Learn more Latest News See All The Quarterly Q&A – with ANGEA CEO Paul Everingham – October 2025 Unlocking the vast potential of cross-border CCS in Asia Pacific Discussion point: pragmatic pathways to coal phaseout in Asia by 2035 CCS is a real solution for the decarbonisation Asia Pacific needs September 2, 2025 ANGEA announces Ryosuke Tsugaru as new Chair July 31, 2025 Domestic CCS can be the start of something much bigger for Australia LNG: powering the Philippines into a lower-carbon future Japan’s LNG strategy and its role in Asia’s energy transition The Quarterly Q&A – with ANGEA CEO Paul Everingham – July 2025 June 15, 2025 LNG a key to phasing out coal in Asia, new study finds How LNG can drive affordable, impactful decarbonisation in Asia Australian LNG a key to phasing out coal in Asia, new study finds Resource Hub See All Natural Gas Compared LNG Emissions Natural Gas & LNG Natural Gas & Renewables Natural Gas & Oil Natural Gas & Coal Natural Gas Statistics Natural Gas Production Fuels For The Energy Transition Energy Facts for Asia Natural Gas Explained Carbon Capture and Storage Explained Australia Indonesia Singapore Malaysia The Philippines Thailand Vietnam India China Japan Republic of Korea Regional Energy Snapshots See All Australia Australia is a long-time supplier of energy to Asia, including natural gas. Its ability to continue to supply LNG over the next few decades will be essential to the energy transition and decarbonisation in Asia. Learn More Indonesia Indonesia is projected to have the world’s fourth largest economy by 2050. It has become strongly reliant on coal-fired power generation in recent years but is aiming to use its gas resources to support decarbonisation. Learn More Singapore Singapore has successfully transitioned to gas-fired power since the turn of the decade. Natural gas now comprises more than 92% of all generation, supporting flexibility in the way Singapore approaches the energy transition. Learn More Malaysia Malaysia is one of the largest oil and gas producers in Asia. In the past decade it has become reliant on imported coal for electricity, a situation it will address through increased use of domestic gas resources. Learn More The Philippines The Philippines’ fast-growing economy is matched by its increasing energy demands. With limited domestic gas resources, LNG imports will be critical to the Philippines reducing its current dependence on coal. Learn More Thailand Thailand has long generated more than 60% of its electricity from natural gas. With domestic production declining, LNG imports have increasingly become part of Thailand’s energy system and decarbonisation plans. Learn More Vietnam Vietnam has switched from hydropower to coal-fired generation over the past decade as its major source of power. It has ambitious plans to produce more electricity from gas and became an LNG importer in 2023. Learn More India India became the world’s most populous country in 2023. Energy security is central to economic growth and a key reason why coal currently accounts for 75% of India’s electricity generation. Learn More China China is the world’s largest emitter of CO2. Although it continues to invest strongly in lower-carbon energy sources such as renewables, China relies on coal for 60% of its power and is still adding capacity. Learn More Japan Japan is a regional energy leader, including the development of low-carbon solutions. Dependent on imports for almost all its energy needs, Japan pioneered Asia’s LNG industry through the 1970s and 1980s. Learn More Republic of Korea South Korea is one of Asia’s most advanced economies and natural gas makes a major contribution. LNG imports and nuclear power will have vital roles supporting renewable energy investment in coming decades. Learn More Stay up to date First Name Last Name Email Address (Required) Submit Back About ANGEA About ANGEA Our Story Our Members Our Team Our Partnerships Policy Areas Policy Areas Policy Priorities LNG to Asia Cross-Border CCS for Asia Pacific Decarbonisation S&P Global study into power sector emissions reduction Cross-border CCS Study Wood Mackenzie study into Asia LNG Demand Reports and Submissions News & Media News & Media Media Releases From the CEO The Energy Diary From our team In the News Member content Regional Energy Snapshots Regional Energy Snapshots Australia China India Indonesia Japan Republic of Korea Malaysia The Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Resource Hub Search The desert project showing what CCS can achieve Learn More Notifications


