

# --- https://business.google.com/in/business-profile ---
Get Listed on Google - Google Business Profile Stand out on Google with a free Business Profile Turn people who find you on Google Search and Maps into new customers with a free Business Profile for your storefront or service area. Personalise your profile with photos, offers, posts, and more. Start now Play animation Pause animation Free Create a Business Profile at no cost Easy Manage your profile from Search and Maps Personalised Add hours, photos, posts, and more Take charge of your first impression Highlight essential info and show what makes your business unique, right on your Business Profile. Add essential info Add information like your phone number and operating hours, so customers know what to expect. Share photos and logos Show your business’s personality with photos, a cover image, your logo, and more to stand out to customers. Show who you are Add attributes to show your business identifies as Black-owned, women-owned, veteran-owned, and is LGBTQ+ friendly so people can learn more about your business. Krishne Tassels Overview 1815 Sismet Rd, Mississauga ON L4W 1P9 Today Today 9: 00 am - 5: 00 pm (800) -258-1352 Ram Asrey Sweets Photos All All Latest Menu Yoga by Shreya Overview Identifies as women-owned Add essential info Add information like your phone number and operating hours, so customers know what to expect. Share photos and logos Show your business’s personality with photos, a cover image, your logo, and more to stand out to customers. Show who you are Add attributes to show your business identifies as Black-owned, women-owned, veteran-owned, and is LGBTQ+ friendly so people can learn more about your business. 1 3 Easily connect with customers Update customers with the latest via posts, offers, and more. Create posts, offers, and events Add posts to your Business Profile to promote special offers, events, and updates to keep customers in the loop. Respond to reviews Reply to public customer reviews to build trust with new and returning customers. Post answers to frequently asked questions List helpful business info upfront and save time by posting answers to common questions. Even let customers answer questions, too. Overview The Good Design Store New pillow cover colors in stock. Order now. Order online Review summary 4. 5 ‘Fun to sit on the roof sipping a drink looking over the city. . . ’ 552 people mention roof Rate and review Share your experience to help others Overview Questions & answers Q: Hi I’m lactose intolerant. Do you stock alternatives to dairy milk? A: Hi Sally. Yes, we do! We’ve got soy, oat and almond milk See all questions (15) Ask the community Create posts, offers, and events Add posts to your Business Profile to promote special offers, events, and updates to keep customers in the loop. Respond to reviews Reply to public customer reviews to build trust with new and returning customers. Post answers to frequently asked questions List helpful business info upfront and save time by posting answers to common questions. Even let customers answer questions, too. 1 3 Show what you offer, from products to services Whether you’re a restaurant, store, or service provider, your profile helps customers do business with you easily and directly with product inventory, ordering, bookings, quotes, and more. South Indian Flavours Cafe ORDER PICKUP ORDER DELIVERY Accept food orders and more Take orders for delivery and pickup and let customers make reservations. Even add your menu, so people can discover your best dishes. Learn more The Good Design Store Overview In-store shopping Store pickup Delivery Be found for what you sell Be found by automatically listing your in-store products for free, right from your Business Profile. Learn more Krishne Tassels Overview REQUEST A QUOTE Offer your services Show a list of your business services and provide online quotes, so customers get the info they need to choose you. Learn more Know how customers find your business Discover what keywords people search to find you, and get insights on calls, reviews, bookings, and more to understand how your business connects with customers. Business Profile Performance Time period All interactions 8, 210 Business Profile interactions What success looks like “With Google, even small businesses like us can think big. ” Krishne Tassels Bengaluru, Karnataka “Our top priority was to spread our visibility to the new people that are coming in to the city. We did this with Google Business Profile. ” Ram Asrey Sweets Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh “Since we created our online presence with Google, I have provided work for 500 artisans. We offer them much-needed revenue and this allows their craft to survive. Google has literally made the lives of so many people here. ” Bharath Arts and Crafts Channapatna, Karnataka Page number 1 3 Show the best of your business Reach more customers in three simple steps with your free Business Profile. Start now Claim Create a Business Profile, or manage an existing profile on Search and Maps Personalise Add hours, photos, and other details and get discovered by customers near you Manage Share updates, respond to reviews, and connect with customers on Google Your questions, answered Expand all Collapse all Is a Business Profile on Google free? Yes, creating a Business Profile and listing your business on Google is free. Create your profile at no cost, and you can manage your business from Google Search and Maps to start reaching more customers. Start now
