=== 2025-11-05 17:03:44 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/ | 3.09 KB ===

Exxon Mobil Corporation | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) $114. 48 $0. 34 (0. 30%) 11: 36am ET • Nov. 5, 2025 The need for energy is universal. That's why ExxonMobil scientists and engineers are pioneering new research and pursuing new technologies to reduce emissions while creating more efficient fuels. We're committed to responsibly meeting the world's energy needs. Who we are Trending topics Carbon capture and storage Carbon capture Advanced recycling Materials for modern living EU Competitiveness: practical policy for a better future Hydrogen Hydrogen Lower-emission fuels Transforming transportation Latest news ExxonMobil announces leadership changes Corporate governance 2 min read ExxonMobil announces third-quarter 2025 results Investors 8 min read Kids’ Meals ExxonMobil Campus to serve 26, 000 meals each weekday to preschool-aged children by 2031 United States 3 min read LNG: Powering progress today and tomorrow LNG 3 min read Your shares, your say: ensuring retail investors are heard Investors 3 min read Superior Graphite, Superior Acquisitions for Synthetic Graphite Production News 2 min read Our global organization Left Arrow Right arrow ExxonMobil's three primary businesses provide products that enable modern life, including energy, chemicals, lubricants, and lower-emissions technologies. We have an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and we're one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. Upstream Focused on strengthening energy security by expanding low-cost-of-supply, high-return oil and natural gas operations. Learn more about our Upstream business Product Solutions Integrating our downstream and chemical operations to develop lower-emission fuels and innovative products critical to modern society. Learn more about our Downstream business Learn more about our Chemical business Low Carbon Solutions Helping reduce emissions by providing solutions to our industrial and commercial customers in growing markets for carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and biofuels. Learn more about our Low Carbon Solutions business Our global brands ExxonMobil manages an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and is one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. We’ve evolved our operating model and global organization to better leverage the scale of our increasingly integrated company and global brands. Explore our global brands Left Arrow Right arrow About us Our history Corporate governance Management Committee Guiding principles Policy Suppliers Careers Explore career paths Benefits Investing in people Global diversity Job openings Motorists Find a service station Loyalty and payment Synergy™ Fuels Motor oils and other lubricants Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:04:42 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/who-we-are/our-global-organization/business-divisions | 1.87 KB ===

Business divisions | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications OPERATIONS Business divisions Our business divisions Our business divisions Business and operations An overview of our businesses and operations The corporation’s primary businesses - Upstream, Product Solutions and Low Carbon Solutions - provide products that enable modern life, including energy, chemicals, lubricants, and lower-emissions technologies. ExxonMobil holds an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and is one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. Our business divisions Left Arrow Right arrow ExxonMobil's three primary businesses provide products that enable modern life, including energy, chemicals, lubricants, and lower-emissions technologies. We have an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and we're one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. Upstream Focused on strengthening energy security by expanding low-cost-of-supply, high-return oil and natural gas operations. Learn more about our Upstream business Product Solutions Integrating our downstream and chemical operations to develop lower-emission fuels and innovative products critical to modern society. Learn more about our Downstream business Learn more about our Chemical business Low Carbon Solutions Helping reduce emissions by providing solutions to our industrial and commercial customers in growing markets for carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and biofuels. Learn more about our Low Carbon Solutions business Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:04:48 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/Global-legal-pages/privacy-policy | 22.79 KB ===

Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications selected item Corporate Article July 1, 2024 Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Article July 1, 2024 Belgium: English | Français | Nederlands Italy: English | Italiano Canada: English | Français Luxembourg: English | Français Cyprus: English | Ελληνικά Netherlands: English | Nederlands | Français Czech Republic: English | Česky Norway: English | Norske Denmark: Dansk | English Poland: English | Polskie Finland: English | Suomi Sweden: English | Svenska France: Français Turkey: Türk Germany: Deutsch | English United Kingdom: English Hungary: English | Magyar All countries / languages are available here Last updated: July 1, 2024 ExxonMobil provides additional privacy notices for specific uses of certain personal data. For example, we provide additional notices to visitors to our facilities, to our suppliers, to job applicants, to users of specific mobile Apps, and to participants of our loyalty programs. The relevant ExxonMobil affiliates will process the personal data in accordance with the privacy notices they provide for such specific uses. When these notices apply to you, we recommend that you read them carefully. To the extent the personal data is collected from individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or UK through the Site, we refer you to the Privacy Statement of the relevant Country on our landing page. You can find links to relevant notices and more information about ExxonMobil’s privacy program here. visitors of the Site; Individuals with whom ExxonMobil has business relationship, such as customers, representatives of customers, and external stakeholders and their representatives. Information from Children ExxonMobil does not seek through the Site to gather personal data from or about minors (as this term is defined by applicable law), nor does ExxonMobil sell or share the personal information of minors without affirmative authorization. ExxonMobil is committed to collecting and using personal data in a lawful manner. ExxonMobil will ensure that, when it collects or uses personal data, such collection or use is allowed under applicable data protection law, including, for example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, or California Consumer Protection Act, where such laws govern. For more information on particular data processing activities, the purposes of this processing, and a description of the specific personal data, please review the table in Section 3. Individuals may object to the processing of their personal data and we will consider such objections carefully where required by law. For more information about your rights with respect to how we process your personal data, please refer to Section 8 and/or contact the ExxonMobil Data Privacy Office via data. privacy. office@exxonmobil. com. In this table we describe the categories of information that we gather via the Site and in connection with our business relationship with you. We also describe the purpose and legal basis, where applicable, for using and processing the information. When ExxonMobil relies on its legitimate interest as a legal basis to process personal data, ExxonMobil will ensure that these interests do not disproportionately and adversely impact an individual’s rights and freedoms. When ExxonMobil relies on an individual’s consent as a legal basis to process personal data, individuals can withdraw their consent at any time. Visitors wishing to withdraw their consent should notify us at data. privacy. office@exxonmobil. com and we will stop the processing of your personal data as soon as reasonably possible. Purpose of processing of personal data Categories of personal data Legal basis, where applicable, of processing Categories of sources Categories of third parties to whom information is disclosed, if applicable To enable the Site to communicate with the visitor’s computer or mobile device during Site visits. Identifiers, e. g. , an IP address (the Internet address assigned to your computer from your Internet Service Provider), domain type, browser type (e. g. , Firefox, Chrome or Internet Explorer), device type, and date and time of day. ExxonMobil’s legitimate business interest to improve the relevancy of content provided through the Site, and to ensure the quality of our services during Site visits. We collect this information automatically. We may share this with technical developers and consultants, hired to report web analytics. To improve and customize your experience on our Site Internet or other electronic network activity information, e. g. , number of visits to the site; which parts of the Site visitors select, analytics to measure and observe user behavior, and device screen size. Identifiers, e. g. , contact details (names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers), personalization of the Site. Commercial information, e. g. , completed order forms, contest entry information, survey feedback and other information you may provide us. ExxonMobil’s legitimate business interest to improve the relevancy of Site content and to ensure the quality of our services during Site visits. We collect this information automatically, directly from you or from vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes. We may share this information with digital agency partners, order fulfillment companies, companies conducting satisfaction surveys on our behalf, companies performing customer service duties, companies collecting rating and review data, and consultants hired to report web analytics. To provide the products and services you request and to bill you for products and services you request. Identifiers, e. g. , contact details (names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers), personalization of the Site, Commercial information, e. g. , completed order forms, contest entry information, survey feedback and other information you may provide us. ExxonMobil processes the personal data in order to conclude, execute, perform and administer the relevant agreement or order with you. We collect this information directly from you. We may share this information with order fulfillment companies, companies conducting satisfaction surveys on our behalf, companies performing customer service duties, distributors and branded wholesalers. To administer requests and feedback submitted through the Site. Identifiers, e. g. , contact details (names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers). Commercial information, e. g. , completed order forms, contest entry information, content of your request/feedback, and other personal data you may provide. ExxonMobil’s legitimate business interest to answer the requests and process feedback. We collect this information automatically, directly from you or from vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes. We may transmit your personal data to third parties if that is necessary for handling the request, in accordance with Section 5. We may share this information with order fulfillment companies, companies conducting satisfaction surveys on our behalf, companies performing customer service duties, companies collecting rating and review data, distributors and branded wholesalers. To provide you the route to service stations if requested. To maintain the quality and safety of our services or applications. To provide the goods, or mobile payment service to you if requested. Precise geolocation of your computer or mobile device. By registering for routing services through the Site, you agree that we provide relevant route information and process your personal data for this purpose. We provide you with an option to opt-in to geolocation services on your mobile device when you use ExxonMobil mobile applications. If you do not wish for us to use your geolocation information for this purpose, you can decline our request to read your geolocation information; in that case, some of the services of our Site may not be available. By allowing us to use geolocation information, you agree that we provide the information to vendors who assist us in the provision of services through the Site. We collect this information automatically, with your consent. We share this information with companies providing locator functionality. We share this information with companies providing payment and fraud detection functionality. To improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to tell you about ExxonMobil, and about our products and services which we think may be of interest to you, including, for instance, products and services suggested on the basis of weather information associated with the geolocation of your computer or mobile device, and provide you with relevant marketing/promotional information at trade associations and industry group events and conferences. Identifiers, e. g. , contact details. Precise geolocation of your computer or mobile device. Commercial information, e. g. , consumer interests and requests for products and services. Internet or other electronic network activity information ExxonMobil’s legitimate business interest to market and promote and improve its products, services, content and advertising. By choosing to register through the Site, you accept that we keep you posted on communications from ExxonMobil such as news releases, alerts, RSS feeds and blog posts and that we process the personal data you have provided for this purpose. Regarding data collected automatically from social media postings, ExxonMobil will refrain from sending out individual privacy notices to each data subject for reasons of disproportionality. We collect this information automatically or directly from you or from social media postings. We may share this information with vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes and companies providing locator functionality, or marketing agencies who provide direct marketing services, analytics. We may share this information with vendors to monitor usage of our site and to provide site usage analytics. These vendors may use such information for business purposes in accordance with our contracts with them. Please see further details in Section 4 For analytics and statistical purposes to help us design and administer the Site and to improve our products and service offering. Any of the personal data referred to in this notice, provided the information is appropriately pseudonymized or anonymized, as required under applicable law. ExxonMobil’s legitimate business interest to ensure the relevance of the Site, to improve customer experience and ExxonMobil goods and services, and to promote our products and services. We collect this information automatically, directly from you or from vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes. We may share this information with analytics vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes. In the US ExxonMobil does not use or disclose any sensitive personal information (such as geolocation information) for purposes other than to perform the services you request, provide the goods to you, verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services or applications as permitted by applicable data privacy regulations except as otherwise explicitly consented by you prior to collection. Information placed on your computer when visiting the Site Adobe Flash Player website (note: you will be taken to a third-party website). click here (note: you will be taken to a third-party website). We use vendors to monitor usage of our site and to provide site usage analytics. These vendors may use such information for business purposes in accordance with our contracts with them. Privacy Center in the footer link on the relevant Site. Note that some goods or services may not be available if you choose not to provide the necessary personal data. Targeted advertising, and our use of social media sites We may use the information we collect through the Site to help manage our on-line advertising. For example, we may use information collected from the Site, to show you ads for our products and services when you visit other websites, e. g. , third-party social media sites, news sites and (video) search engines. We use third-party advertising technology for this purpose. To learn more about third-party ad-serving technology and how to "opt-out" from such technology, please visit YourOnlineChoices. com. Note: you will be taken to a third-party website. Similarly, ExxonMobil is not responsible for the policies and practices of any website from which you linked to our Site. We may use information collected through the Site to analyze links between your usage of the Site and your usage of other applications (e. g. , our mobile payment App) across the different types of devices you use to access the Site or applications, in order to improve your cross-application experiences. Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms, such as Global Privacy Control here. We contract with other companies and persons to perform functions on our behalf. They have access to personal data needed to perform these business purposes, but may not use it for other purposes. For example, ExxonMobil may share the personal data it collects automatically, directly from you, or from vendors or via social media with (other) vendors in order to allow ExxonMobil to fulfill orders and make deliveries, to send postal mail, and e-mail, to manage customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, host websites, process card payments, and provide and improve customer service. Furthermore, communicating via the Internet and sending information, products, and services to you by other means necessarily involves your personal data passing through or being handled by third-parties. Before any personal data is shared with service providers, we enter into a written agreement which requires them: (1) not to make any unauthorized disclosures of the personal data; (2) to use the personal data only for the specified purposes and only according to the instructions received from ExxonMobil; (3) to retain the personal data only as long as necessary or to protect company interests; and (4) to have in place adequate and appropriate security measures. In some circumstances, ExxonMobil may disclose any of the categories of personal data it collects to vendors, including competent authorities, legal advisors, Exxon, Mobil, or Esso-branded fuel station operators, payment and loyalty card issuers, and other contracted parties. These vendors process the personal data on their own behalf, for instance: if required by law, in order to defend ExxonMobil’s rights, or to handle individuals’ complaints and requests. We may also share your information in connection with a transfer of assets, or if we are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer. Only when permitted by applicable law and with your consent as required, will we distribute personal data to vendors, such as ExxonMobil distributors, for the purpose of allowing them to market their products and services to you. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR US CUSTOMERS Section 4 6. 1 Transfers between affiliates The relevant ExxonMobil affiliate who is the Data Controller may make personal data available to other ExxonMobil affiliates and may transfer some or all of the personal data to ExxonMobil servers located worldwide in accordance with applicable law. The transfer of personal data from the EEA, UK and Switzerland to recipients located outside such territories is subject to restrictions. ExxonMobil has taken steps to ensure that personal data receives an adequate level of data protection at all ExxonMobil locations. These steps include ExxonMobil affiliates entering into Binding Corporate Rules (“BCR”) which were approved in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (please visit the link here to read our BCR) 6. 2 Transfers to third parties When transferring personal data, ExxonMobil puts in place safeguards to ensure that the recipient adequately protects the personal data. With respect to the transfer of personal data from the EEA, UK and Switzerland to outside such territories, ExxonMobil relies on (1. ) EU “Standard Contractual Clauses”, (2. ) contractual safeguards imposed on the recipient which is contracted by ExxonMobil affiliates outside of EEA, UK or Switzerland (so-called onward transfers), and (3. ) protections available under local law for the recipient established in a country deemed adequate by the EU Commission. Where permitted, and as applicable, we will rely on the individual’s consent. For more information about specific transfer mechanisms, including information on existing safeguards implemented by ExxonMobil, please contact data. privacy. office@exxonmobil. com. ExxonMobil endeavors to keep personal data that it collects accurate and complete. ExxonMobil relies on the individuals to maintain the accuracy and completeness of the personal data. Please inform ExxonMobil if your personal details change, including the context in which the personal data was provided, e. g. , in connection with a specific product or service. Where it is permitted by applicable law you may have the right to request: Deletion of your personal data when such data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it has been collected. Access to specific pieces of information ExxonMobil has about you or more information about our data processing practices. Correction of any inaccurate personal data we maintain about you. Restrict the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. Object to the processing operations, having regard to the given circumstances and for reasons related to their particular situation. here. Please note that because the Global Privacy Control is a browser-based mechanism, your opt-out preference will apply only to the browser from which you exercised that choice. Right to Opt-Out for the Purposes of Profiling: you may have the right to opt-out of processing of personal data for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. In some circumstances in EU/EEA/UK, you also have a right to request a portable extract of your personal data, which will allow you to reuse your personal data for your own purposes. data. privacy. office@exxonmobil. com. Please enclose a copy of or otherwise specifically reference the decision you want to appeal. We will respond to your appeal in accordance with applicable law. ExxonMobil will not discriminate against you for exercising your data subject rights, although some of the functionality and features available on the service may change or no longer be available to you. Any difference in the services are related to the value provided. HOW TO SUBMIT A DATA SUBJECT REQUEST You may submit a verifiable consumer request from the US, EEA, UK- or from countries where it is permitted by applicable law - to exercise your right to know about, delete, or correct your personal information at ExxonMobil’s privacy program landing page via web form. US California data subject also can submit their privacy request via the 833-835-2644 toll free number. Please note, all the calls through the 833-835-2644 phone number will be recorded and your participation is voluntary. If you call us, you consent to the recording of the conversation, which includes voice, your name, contact details and the details of your specific request. You may withdraw your consent to participate in the recording by exiting from the call at anytime with no adverse consequence. If you do not want to participate in the recorded call, you will have the opportunity submit your request via our Data Subject Request webform, which is available here. When you submit a data privacy request, ExxonMobil will verify your identity by requesting you to provide your name, email address or other contact information, ExxonMobil account information (in case it is applicable), and the company brand with which you have a relationship. Use of an authorized agent: You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. To designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights and choices on your behalf, please provide your authorized agent with signed, written permission demonstrating that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. You also have a right to lodge a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in your country. For more information about the specific mechanisms available to exercise these rights, please submit a data privacy request on our landing page or contact the data. privacy. office@exxonmobil. com. To facilitate our efforts to address your request, please let us know the circumstances in which you initially provided ExxonMobil with your personal data, e. g. , in connection with a specific product or service. ExxonMobil does not use automated decision-making unless it is (i. ) necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between the Individual and ExxonMobil and its affiliates, (ii. ) permitted or required by law, or (iii. ) based on the Individual’s explicit consent. Automated decision-making refers to decisions that produce legal effects concerning an Individual or significantly affect the Individual and which are based solely on automated processing (i. e. , no human intervention) of personal data. ExxonMobil shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the Individual’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests when automated decision-making is used. ExxonMobil retains personal data as long as necessary to meet the purposes for which the data was collected, to exercise its legal rights and to ensure compliance with applicable law. Data Privacy Office c/o ExxonMobil Hungary Limited Liability Company Registered seat: H-1134 Budapest, Dózsa György út 61-63 Budapest H-1134 Hungary Data. privacy. office@exxonmobil. com The Data Privacy Office will ensure all data protection complaints are resolved in a timely manner as set out in the applicable Data Privacy laws and the Data Subject is informed when appropriate. “ExxonMobil” and/or “ExxonMobil affiliates” mean (a) Exxon Mobil Corporation or any parent of Exxon Mobil Corporation, (b) any company or partnership in which Exxon Mobil Corporation or any parent of Exxon Mobil Corporation now or hereafter, directly or indirectly (1) owns or (2) controls, more than fifty per cent (50%) of the ownership interest having the right to vote or appoint its directors or functional equivalents (“Affiliated Company”) and (c) any joint venture in which Exxon Mobil Corporations, any parent of Exxon Mobil Corporation or an Affiliated Company has day to day operational control. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:04:48 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/Global-legal-pages/terms-and-conditions | 28.21 KB ===

​Terms and conditions | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications selected item Corporate Article June 1, 2023 Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Terms and conditions Article June 1, 2023 EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION Last Updated: June 1, 2023. IMPORTANT! READ THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY Nothing in this material is intended to override the corporate separateness of local entities. Working relationships discussed in this material do not necessarily represent a reporting connection, but may reflect a functional guidance, stewardship, or service relationship. Where shareholder consideration of a local entity matter is contemplated by this material, responsibility for action remains with the local entity. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso and Mobil. For convenience and simplicity in this website, those terms and terms like corporation, company, our, we and its are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Similarly, ExxonMobil has business relationships with thousands of customers, suppliers, governments, and others. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer, and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. 1) Changes and Special Additional Terms and Conditions ExxonMobil may revise the General Terms at any time without notice. You should revisit this Site periodically to make sure you are aware of the most recent General Terms because they will be binding on you. Your use of the Site or Services after such changes constitutes your agreement to such changes. You are advised to check each page you visit on the Site. Some locations may have special additional terms and conditions that apply to use of or interaction with that location. These terms and conditions may also be changed at any time without notice. Your use of that location constitutes your acceptance of those special additional terms and conditions. 2) Use of the Site A. Site Security. You are prohibited from violating, or attempting to violate, the security of the Site or Services. Any such violations may result in criminal and civil liabilities to you. We will investigate any alleged violations, and, if a criminal violation is suspected, we will cooperate with law enforcement agencies in their investigations. Violations of the security of the Site and Services include, without limitation, the following: Logging into or attempting to log into a server or account that you are not authorized to access; Accessing data or taking any action to obtain services not intended for you or your use; Attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system, subsystem or network; Tampering, hacking, modifying or otherwise corrupting or breaching security or authentication measures without proper authorization; Transmitting material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines or engines with the intent or effect of damaging, destroying, disrupting or otherwise impairing a computer's functionality or the operation of the Site or Services; Interfering with, intercepting or expropriating any system, data or information; or Interfering with service to any user, host, or network including, without limitation, by means of overloading, "flooding, " "mailbombing, " or "crashing" any computer system. C. Other Prohibited Actions. In using the Site or Services, you must not: Post, email, link, or otherwise transmit or use the Site or Services in furtherance of any unlawful, harmful, harassing, defamatory, threatening, vulgar, indecent, sexually explicit, hateful or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, any material that exploits children or is invasive of another person's privacy or other rights, or any material that ExxonMobil in its sole discretion does not wish posted or transmitted on the Site and Services; Engage in and/or encourage conduct that would: 1) violate any applicable law or regulation or 2) give rise to civil liability; Engage in conduct which could damage or impair the intended operability of the Site or the Services; Impersonate any individual or entity, falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your identity or affiliation in any way; Engage in marketing or promotion of goods or services; or Assist or permit any persons in engaging in any of the activities described above. D. Your Content. You must exercise caution, good sense and proper judgment in using the Site and Services. You are responsible for any material you place on or transmit to or through the Site or Services. You agree, represent and warrant that any information you post to or transmit through the Site or Services is truthful, accurate, not misleading and offered in good faith, and that you have the right to post or transmit such information. Such information (including without limitation, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or any other materials whatsoever), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is your sole responsibility. E. You agree that use of any information obtained via the Site or Services is at your own risk. F. Consequences of Unacceptable Use. We reserve the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to refuse or delete any of your content as well as suspend or terminate without notice your access to the Site and Services upon a violation or attempted violation of this Agreement. Indirect or attempted violations of this Agreement, and actual or attempted violations by a third party acting on your behalf, shall be deemed violations by you of this Agreement. Furthermore, it is a violation of this Agreement to use the services of another company for the purpose of facilitating any of the activities which violate this Agreement if such use of another company's service could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Site and Services in any manner. I. You may not frame this Site or use our proprietary marks as meta tags. These marks include, but are not limited to ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso and Mobil. You may not use frames or utilize techniques or technology to enclose any content included on the Site. ESSO, EXXON, EXXONMOBIL, MOBIL, and certain other brands, trademarks and services marks are marks of ExxonMobil and its affiliates. Not all marks of ExxonMobil will appear on this Site and not all products or services listed on this Site are available for sale in every country. Some products or services may be marketed under local trademarks in specific countries. Marks of third parties may appear on this Site when referring to those entities or their products or services. Third party marks displayed on this site are owned by their respective owners. Exxon Mobil Corporation 22777 Springwoods Village Parkway Spring, Texas 77389 Fax: 832-648-5106 To be effective under the DMCA your notice must be in writing and include the following: A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit ExxonMobil to locate the material. Information reasonably sufficient to permit ExxonMobil to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Counter Notification Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled. 5) Privacy Statement All personal information provided via this Site will be handled in accordance with the Site’s Privacy Statement. 6) No Warranty and Forward-Looking Statements This Site and Services and the materials on this site are provided "As Is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, ExxonMobil disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. ExxonMobil does not represent or warrant that the functions or Services contained in the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Site or the services are free of viruses or other malware or harmful components. ExxonMobil does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of contents of this Site or Services or materials contained on the site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. The materials contained on the Site may address future aims, plans, ambitions, strategies, products, or events that speak to the future and cannot be known at this time. ExxonMobil may make changes to the materials on the Site, or the aims, plans, ambitions, strategies, products, or events described in materials contained on the Site, at any time without notice. Some jurisdictions restrict exclusion of implied warranties, and, in those circumstances, the above exclusions of warranties apply to the maximum extent allowed under applicable law. Regardless, we caution you against relying on the information or materials contained in the website, especially forward-looking statements of future events, for accuracy and make no representation or undertaking to update any materials that may be out of date on the website. Current information about ExxonMobil may be found at www. sec. gov, where annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy statements and other information filed by ExxonMobil with the SEC are accessible. Information published on the Site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available to you. 7) Limitation of Liability You assume full responsibility for your use of the Site. Any information you send or receive during your use of the Site may not be secure and may be intercepted by unauthorized parties. Your use of the Site is at your own risk and is made available to you at no charge; accordingly, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, ExxonMobil and its affiliates shall not be liable to you or any other party for any direct, indirect, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the Site, the Services or the contents on this Site or the performance of the Site, Services or products described on this Site, or from any actions we take or fail to take as a result of communications you send us or material you post, or the delay or inability to use the Site, or for any information, products, or Services advertised in or obtained through the Site, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if ExxonMobil or its affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such damages. You specifically acknowledge and agree that ExxonMobil and its affiliates are not liable for any defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any user of the Site. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Site or the Services or with any of these terms, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site and the Services. 8) Non-Confidentiality of User Materials ExxonMobil does not accept or consider any unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new products, promotions, or technologies. You should not transmit any material to or through this Site that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. Any material which you transmit to or through this Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. Except as expressly provided in ExxonMobil's Privacy Statement or separate written agreement between you and ExxonMobil, you give ExxonMobil an unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, publicly perform, transmit and distribute such information in any media. You further agree that ExxonMobil has the right to use, without any payment or accounting to you or others, any concepts, know-how or ideas which you (and those who act on your behalf) transmit to or through the Site. 9) Links to Third Party Websites and Use of Sharing Tools As a convenience, ExxonMobil may provide links to websites operated by third parties. ExxonMobil may also provide sharing tools that allow social web linking, bookmarking, rating, recommending, emailing, instant messaging, and posting to blogs. Following the links or using the sharing tools will take you to third party websites, which ExxonMobil does not own, control, or maintain. If you decide to access a third party's website through a link or a sharing tool provided by this Site, you do this at your sole risk. ExxonMobil is not responsible for any viruses or other malware or damaging elements encountered in a third party website. ExxonMobil does not control any third party websites, and makes no warranty or representation regarding, and is not responsible for, any third party websites or the content of such websites. Inclusion of links or sharing tools to third party sites is not an endorsement of the content of such sites. Different terms and conditions may apply to your use of such third party sites and the sharing tools and you are advised to review such terms and conditions prior to usage. Further, the providers of such third party sites and the sharing tools may have privacy policies and practices that are different from our Privacy Statement. You are advised to check the privacy policies and practices of such providers and contact the operator if you have any concerns or questions. 10) User Communications Areas The Site may contain areas where users communicate with each other, including but not limited to blogs, bulletin boards, calendars, chat areas, or personal web pages. ExxonMobil has the right but not the obligation to monitor or review any part of the Site or the Services including the user communication areas. However, ExxonMobil shall have no liability related to the content of any communications made in these areas. 11) Disclosure; Forward-Looking Statements Some of the information on this Site may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company. We wish to caution you that these statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the Company files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically, the Company's most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and Form 10-Q/A. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements, including, among others, potential fluctuations in quarterly results, dependence on new product development; rapid technological and market change, acquisition strategy, manufacturing risks, risks associated with Internet infrastructure, volatility of stock price, financial risk management, and future growth subject to risks. 12) Global Availability/Export Controls Portions of this Site and Services may be controlled and operated by ExxonMobil from various offices in the United States. ExxonMobil makes no representation that the Site, Services or materials accessed or described on the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from other countries where there contents are illegal or penalized is prohibited. Access to or use of the Site, Services or materials accessed on or described on the Site by persons or from countries who are sanctioned by the United States is specifically prohibited. Those who access the Sites or Services so do on their own and are responsible for compliance with all applicable US and local laws. You may not export or re-export any Services, information or materials accessed on or described on this Site except in full compliance with all United States laws and regulations. In particular, you may not export or re-export into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the United States embargoes or sanctions goods, services or technology, to any person or entity on the U. S. Treasury Department's List of Specially Designated Nationals, the U. S. Bureau of Export Administration Entity List, the U. S. Bureau of Export Administration Denied Persons List or the U. S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. In addition, you are responsible for complying with any local laws in your country which may impact your right to import, export or use the Site, Services, information, or materials accessed or described on the Site. 13) Indemnity of Company You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Exxon Mobil Corporation (including subsidiaries and affiliates of Exxon Mobil Corporation, hereinafter "ExxonMobil") as well as ExxonMobil officers, directors and employees, from and against any claim, demand, cause of action, debt, loss or liability, including reasonable attorneys' fees, to the extent that such action is based upon, arises out of, or relates to your violation, or violation by any other person using your password or account of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 14) Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution This Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of the State of Texas (without giving effect to its principles of conflict of laws). Where federal jurisdiction exists over any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or in any way connected with this Agreement, you and ExxonMobil designate the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, for the exclusive resolution of that dispute and submit to the jurisdiction of that court. Where federal jurisdiction does not exist over that action, suit or proceeding, you and ExxonMobil designate the Harris County District Court of Houston, Texas for the exclusive resolution of that dispute and submit to the jurisdiction of that court. 15) Special Note for Parents Portions of this Site and Services may be of special interest to children but ExxonMobil does not seek through this Site to gather personal information from persons under the age of 17. 16) Cautionary Statement Warning CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 Statements of future ambitions, goals, events or conditions in the publication and its associated supplement, including projections, plans to reduce emissions and emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, and business plans, are forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero are dependent on future market factors, such as continued technological progress and policy support, and represent forward-looking statements. Actual future results, including the achievement of ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in Upstream Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets, to meet greenhouse gas emission reduction plans or goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans; technology efforts such as timing and outcome of projects to capture and store CO2, produce biofuels, integrate hydrogen projects, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future cash flows; and reserve or resource changes could vary depending on the ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; policy and consumer support for emission-reduction products and technology; changes in laws and regulations including international treaties and laws and regulations regarding greenhouse gas emissions, plastics, and carbon costs; government incentives; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as advanced recycling on a commercially competitive basis; changes in supply and demand and other market factors affecting future prices of oil, gas, and petrochemical products; availability of feedstocks for biofuels or advanced recycling; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; military build-ups or conflicts; and other factors discussed in this release and in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” in ExxonMobil’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2021 and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as under the heading “Factors Affecting Future Results” on the Investors page of ExxonMobil’s website at www. exxonmobil. com. This supplement includes 2022 greenhouse gas emissions performance data and Scope 3 Category 11 estimates for full-year 2022 as of March 1, 2023. The greenhouse gas intensity and greenhouse gas emission estimates include Scope 2 market-based emissions. We do not undertake to provide any further updates or changes to any data or forward-looking statements in this document. Neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. The document and its associated supplement are shareholder-requested publications and are purposefully focused on unknown future events. They are not intended to communicate any material investment information. The statements and analysis in these documents represent a good faith effort by the Company to address these requests despite significant unknown variables and, at times, inconsistent market and government policy signals. Energy demand modeling aims to replicate system dynamics of the global energy system, requiring simplifications. The reference to any scenario, including any potential net zero scenario, does not imply ExxonMobil views any particular scenario as likely to occur. In addition, energy demand scenarios require assumptions on a variety of parameters. As such, the outcome of any given scenario using an energy demand model comes with a high degree of uncertainty. For example, the IEA describes its NZE scenario as extremely challenging, requiring unprecedented innovation, unprecedented international cooperation, and sustained support and participation from consumers. Third-party scenarios discussed in this report reflect the modeling assumptions and outputs of their respective authors, not ExxonMobil, and their use or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by ExxonMobil of their underlying assumptions, likelihood, or probability. Investment decisions are made on the basis of ExxonMobil’s separate planning process but may be secondarily tested for robustness or resiliency against different assumptions, including against various scenarios. Any reference to ExxonMobil’s support of a third-party organization within the document and its associated supplement does not constitute or imply an endorsement by ExxonMobil of any or all of the positions or activities of such organization. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by the corporation or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of supportive policy, technology for cost-effective abatement, company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emissions investments is based on plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set and focused on returns. ExxonMobil reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. Calculations are based on industry standards and best practices, including guidance from the American Petroleum Institute (API) and Ipieca. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions and avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to identifying, measuring, and addressing emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. References to “resources, ” “resource base, ” “recoverable resources” and similar terms refer to the total remaining estimated quantities of oil and natural gas that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The resource base includes quantities of oil and natural gas classified as proved reserves, as well as quantities that are not yet classified as proved reserves, but that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The term “resource base” is not intended to correspond to SEC definitions such as “probable” or “possible” reserves. For additional information, see the “Frequently Used Terms” on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www. exxonmobil. com. References to “oil” and “gas” include crude, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. The term “project” as used in the publication and its associated supplement can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso, and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we, ” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:04:48 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/resources | 14.16 KB ===

Resources | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Resources Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSION REDUCTION DISCLOSURES STATEMENT Last updated: May 16, 2025 | United States CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS Images or statements of future ambitions, plans, goals, events, projects, projections, opportunities, or conditions in this disclosure or material referenced therein, including plans to reduce, abate, avoid or enable avoidance of emissions or reduce emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, business plans, and sustainability efforts are dependent on future market factors, such as customer demand, continued technological progress, policy support and timely rule-making or continuation of government incentives and funding, and represent forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero and similar roadmaps for emerging technologies and markets are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future corporate, market or industry performance or outcomes for society and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are even unknown. Actual future results, including ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in Upstream Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030 and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives, to meet greenhouse gas emission reduction plans or goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans; technology advances, including in the timing and outcome of projects to capture and store CO 2, supply lower-emission fuels, produce hydrogen, produce lithium, obtain data on detection, measurement and quantification of emissions, including reporting of that data or updates to previous estimates, could differ materially due to a number of factors. These include changes in supply and demand and other market factors affecting future prices of oil, gas, petrochemical or new market products and services; future cash flows; our ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; policy and consumer support for emission-reduction and other advanced products and technology; changes in international treaties, laws, regulations and incentives, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, carbon storage or carbon costs; evolving reporting standards for these topics and evolving measurement standards for reported data; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as electrification of operations, CCS, hydrogen production, or direct lithium extraction on a commercially competitive basis; availability of feedstocks for lower-emission fuels or hydrogen; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; military build-ups, armed conflicts or terrorism; and other factors discussed in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report referenced in this disclosure. No party should place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates of this disclosure or material referenced therein. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s knowledge and reasonable expectations at the time of posting. We do not undertake to provide any further updates or changes to any data or forward-looking statements in this disclosure or material referenced therein. Neither future distribution of material referenced in this disclosure nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS REPORT. The Advancing Climate Solutions Report referenced in this disclosure contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as information about how the disclosures in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report are consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD. In doing so, ExxonMobil is not obligating itself to use any terms in the way defined by the TCFD or any other party, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendation of the TCFD or to provide any specific disclosure. For example, with respect to the term “material, ” individual companies are best suited to determine what information is material, under the long-standing U. S. Supreme Court definition, and whether to include this information in U. S. Securities and Exchange Act filings. In addition, the ISSB is evaluating standards that provide their interpretation of TCFD, which may or may not be consistent with the current TCFD recommendations. Forward-looking and other statements regarding environmental and other sustainability efforts and aspirations are not intended to communicate any material investment information under the laws of the United States or represent that these are required disclosures. This disclosure and any material referenced therein is not intended to imply that ExxonMobil has access to any significant non-public insights on future events that the reader could not independently research. In addition, historical, current and forward-looking environmental and other sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future, including future laws and rulemaking. Material referenced in this disclosure contains information from third parties. ExxonMobil makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, ExxonMobil received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. ExxonMobil has also provided links in this disclosure and material referenced therein to third-party websites for ease of reference. ExxonMobil’s use of the third-party content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information. ExxonMobil’s reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) process. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI process and the selection of the data reported. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions, abatements and enabled avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to identifying, measuring and addressing emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines, are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. Material referenced in this disclosure cover Exxon Mobil Corporation’s owned and operated businesses and do not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which ExxonMobil is the operator, we often exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy of these joint ventures may differ from those in material referenced in this disclosure. GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSION REDUCTION DISCLOSURES STATEMENT This greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction disclosures statement (“Statement”) is provided on behalf of Exxon Mobil Corporation (“ExxonMobil”) and its subsidiaries regarding our communications of net zero ambitions, carbon neutrality or GHG emission reductions (collectively hereinafter referred to as “GHG Emission Reduction Statements”), in particular information about how these GHG Emission Reduction Statements are determined to be accurate, how interim progress toward goals is monitored, and indications, where appropriate, that GHG Emission Reduction Statements have undergone independent third-party verification (collectively hereinafter referred to as “Associated Information”). ExxonMobil discloses Associated Information in various reports and other materials available throughout this website. This Statement provides a reference for and should be read as complementary to such disclosures. This Statement is not intended to address the performance, operations or products of entities that do not do business in the United States unless and only to the extent that such information is indivisibly combined with that of United States entities. We reserve the right to modify this Statement at any time but do not undertake to provide any further updates or changes to any data or forward-looking statements contained herein except as required by law. Operations and Core Capabilities ExxonMobil publishes Associated Information on a yearly basis through its Advancing Climate Solutions Report for GHG Emission Reduction Statements relating to reducing GHG emissions in our own operations and opportunities we see to use our core capabilities to help other essential industries and customers reduce their GHG emissions. For GHG Emission Reduction Statements that have been released after the publication of the latest edition of our Advancing Climate Solutions Report, ExxonMobil also routinely makes Associated Information available through events and announcements it holds periodically throughout the year, such as Corporate Plan Updates, quarterly Earnings Calls and the Annual Shareholder Meeting, which you can find on our News & events page 2. GHG emissions performance data We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) process. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023), and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI. Learn more about our Metrics and Data, including GHG emissions performance data, here: Metrics and data | ExxonMobil Environmental Resources Management CVS has provided their independent limited level of assurance that the 2023 ExxonMobil greenhouse gas emissions inventory meets ISO 14064-3 expectations. ERM CVS Assurance Statement. 2024 third-party assurance underway. Additional Resources ExxonMobil has a number of additional resources for Associated Information located throughout our website. We have compiled an example, inexhaustive listing below representing our three core business lines: Upstream Methane Product Solutions Mobil Lubricants Proxxima Resin Low Carbon Solutions Low Carbon Solutions Lower Carbon Technologies Footnotes 1 Including, without limitation, communications relating to reduction, abatement, avoidance or enabling avoidance of GHG emissions or reduction of GHG emissions intensity. 2 Information contained in the latest edition of the Advancing Climate Solutions Report should be considered as superseding any prior released information. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:05:19 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/who-we-are | 2.99 KB ===

Who we are | About us | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Who we are We're committed to responsibly meeting society’s evolving energy needs Navigate to: Our purpose Our purpose Our core values Our history Our global organization Our global brands Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Our purpose Create sustainable solutions that improve quality of life and meet society's evolving needs. Our vision Lead industry in innovations that advance modern living and a net-zero future. Our core values Integrity Be honest and ethical Do what is right Care Be respectful and inclusive Look after each other Contribute to the well-being of our communities and the environment Courage Take initiative and make a difference Think boldly and act with conviction Take personal ownership Excellence Hold ourselves to high standards Be thoughtful, thorough and disciplined Resilience Be determined and persevere Be purposeful and steadfast in our principles Our history Over the past 140 years, our company has evolved from a regional marketer of kerosene in the U. S. to one of the largest publicly traded petroleum and petrochemical enterprises in the world. Today we operate in most of the world's countries and are best-known by our familiar brand names: Exxon, Esso and Mobil. We make the products that drive modern transportation, power cities, lubricate industry and provide petrochemical building blocks that lead to thousands of consumer goods. Learn more about our history close Our global organization Multiple businesses benefiting from a full set of corporate advantages. Learn more about our global organization close Corporate governance Good governance is essential for creating long-term viability of business and the economic development of the communities where we operate. Learn more about corporate governance Our global brands ExxonMobil manages an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and is one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. We’ve evolved our operating model and global organization to better leverage the scale of our increasingly integrated company and global brands. Explore our global brands Explore more Newsroom News Topic Our approach Our approach Topic Investor relations Investors Topic Emergency preparedness Safety Topic • July 5, 2024 Risk management and safety Energy technologies Topic Build a career with us and use your energy to change the world Corporate Topic Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:05:31 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/?query=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mobil.com%2Fen%2Flubricants%2Ffor-businesses%2Findustrial%2Flubricant-expertise%2Fsectors%2Fmining-industry-lubricants#global-websites%23Mobil | 3.09 KB ===

Exxon Mobil Corporation | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) $114. 52 $0. 38 (0. 33%) 11: 46am ET • Nov. 5, 2025 The need for energy is universal. That's why ExxonMobil scientists and engineers are pioneering new research and pursuing new technologies to reduce emissions while creating more efficient fuels. We're committed to responsibly meeting the world's energy needs. Who we are Trending topics Carbon capture and storage Carbon capture Advanced recycling Materials for modern living EU Competitiveness: practical policy for a better future Hydrogen Hydrogen Lower-emission fuels Transforming transportation Latest news ExxonMobil announces leadership changes Corporate governance 2 min read ExxonMobil announces third-quarter 2025 results Investors 8 min read Kids’ Meals ExxonMobil Campus to serve 26, 000 meals each weekday to preschool-aged children by 2031 United States 3 min read LNG: Powering progress today and tomorrow LNG 3 min read Your shares, your say: ensuring retail investors are heard Investors 3 min read Superior Graphite, Superior Acquisitions for Synthetic Graphite Production News 2 min read Our global organization Left Arrow Right arrow ExxonMobil's three primary businesses provide products that enable modern life, including energy, chemicals, lubricants, and lower-emissions technologies. We have an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and we're one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. Upstream Focused on strengthening energy security by expanding low-cost-of-supply, high-return oil and natural gas operations. Learn more about our Upstream business Product Solutions Integrating our downstream and chemical operations to develop lower-emission fuels and innovative products critical to modern society. Learn more about our Downstream business Learn more about our Chemical business Low Carbon Solutions Helping reduce emissions by providing solutions to our industrial and commercial customers in growing markets for carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and biofuels. Learn more about our Low Carbon Solutions business Our global brands ExxonMobil manages an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and is one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. We’ve evolved our operating model and global organization to better leverage the scale of our increasingly integrated company and global brands. Explore our global brands Left Arrow Right arrow About us Our history Corporate governance Management Committee Guiding principles Policy Suppliers Careers Explore career paths Benefits Investing in people Global diversity Job openings Motorists Find a service station Loyalty and payment Synergy™ Fuels Motor oils and other lubricants Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:06:07 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/sustainability-and-reports/sustainability/integrating-sustainability-into-what-we-do | 42.42 KB ===

Integrating sustainability into what we do | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Navigate to: Our Standards of Business Conduct Our Standards of Business Conduct We are ExxonMobil leadership culture ExxonMobil’s core values Our sustainability focus areas Topic selection process Supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Communicating progress Our systems, expectations, and standards Stakeholder engagement Engaging with shareholders 2024 engagement highlights Engaging with governments U. S. lobbying expenses Political contributions Transparency in payments to governments Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Sustainability Report 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Integrating sustainability into what we do How we achieve our strategic priorities is as important as the results. Our directors, officers, and employees are expected to observe the highest standards of integrity. Report 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Our Standards of Business Conduct We are ExxonMobil leadership culture ExxonMobil’s core values Our sustainability focus areas Topic selection process Supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Communicating progress Our systems, expectations, and standards Stakeholder engagement Engaging with shareholders 2024 engagement highlights Engaging with governments U. S. lobbying expenses Political contributions Transparency in payments to governments Our Standards of Business Conduct Our Standards of Business Conduct include what we call “foundation policies” defining the basis of our conduct worldwide. The Board of Directors has adopted and oversees the administration of the Standards, and no one at ExxonMobil can make exceptions or grant waivers to these policies. Our foundation policies cover aspects of the environment, health, safety, product safety, customer relations, equal employment opportunity, harassment in the workplace, and more. They also define ethical conduct for our company, which includes our values on important matters like human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption. Our Standards of Business Conduct are a key part of onboarding new employees, and they are reinforced with employees annually. Wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries of Exxon Mobil Corporation generally adopt policies similar to our corporate standards. Our directors, officers, and employees are required to review these policies annually and apply them in their work. Employees are regularly required to complete business practices training. And, of course, we require all employees, officers, directors, and those working on our behalf to comply with all applicable laws. Employees in relevant job functions receive training on antitrust, anti-corruption, and trade laws (including anti-boycott, trade sanctions, and export controls topics) on an annual or biennial basis. ExxonMobil-specific and other relevant training is shared with contractors if required to perform contracted services. In 2024, more than 17, 500 employees and contractors participated in relevant training. Corporate governance Our Board of Directors oversees our strategy, providing strong corporate governance and guidance to management. Read more We are ExxonMobil leadership culture The strength of our culture is foundational to our success. The We are ExxonMobil culture framework encompasses our core values and leadership expectations. This framework also outlines key behavioral skills that apply to all employees. Our culture is built on a strong focus on leadership and key talent systems, including performance assessments, on-the-job experience, and formal training. Through our partnership with the University of Michigan and the University of North Carolina, our leadership programs are designed to help our leaders connect We are ExxonMobil with our strategic priorities and unlock the collective potential of our employees. Nearly half of eligible leaders have participated, with more to come. ExxonMobil’s core values Integrity is first among our core values for a reason. It underpins our dedication to uphold the highest ethical standards and to do what’s right in all aspects of our business. We encourage employees and contractors to ask questions and voice concerns, and we insist that alleged violations of company policies be reported. Our open-door communication procedures provide formal and informal mechanisms for employee feedback, including both a mailing address and 24-hour hotline for anonymous reports, among other options. Maintaining confidentiality to the extent possible is critical, and we have protections in place to prevent retaliation. In addition, our supplier communications letter provides mechanisms, including phone numbers by region, for feedback from suppliers. A quarterly summary of reports of suspected violations of the Company’s policies is provided to the Board’s Audit Committee. This committee consists of four independent (i. e. , non-employee) directors who help the Board in overseeing financial reporting, accounting, and internal controls. This includes legal and regulatory compliance, as well as compliance with company policy. Confirmed violations can lead to disciplinary actions, up to and including termination. Regular internal audits and self-assessments help us verify the strength of our control systems and adherence to our Standards of Business Conduct. Our team of internal auditors has access to all operations, records, personnel, and properties. They review our activities and processes on an ongoing basis, and suspected noncompliance is investigated. Additional resources Standards of Business Conduct Procedures and open-door communications Proxy Statement Our sustainability focus areas Our 14 Sustainability Focus Areas were developed by analyzing our environmental and social impacts, business strategies, current events, and internal and external stakeholders’ priorities. We believe these focus areas are most important to both our company and society. We develop strategies, allocate resources, and execute plans to address risks and opportunities within each of them. Topic selection process The findings of our topic selection process inform the development of this Sustainability Report. Ipieca is the “global oil and gas association for advancing environmental and social performance across the energy transition. ” 1 It refers to important topics as those that, in the view of a company’s management and external parties, have the potential to significantly affect a company’s sustainability performance and stakeholder awareness, assessments, or decisions. 2 In 2024, we engaged a third party to refresh our topic selection in line with the Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) developed by Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute, and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers, reaffirming the importance of the topics discussed in this report. To select our topics, we also analyze peer and industry reporting, regulations, and media to gain data-driven insights into strategic, regulatory, and reputational risks and opportunities. Inputs include: Peer benchmarking Review of leading sustainability frameworks – including those published by the Global Reporting Initiative, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and Ipieca Regulatory guidance Third-party research Internal and external stakeholder engagement Our Global Operations and Sustainability leadership reviews and validates the results of this topic selection process. Supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals The United Nations has adopted the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to achieve progress on global economic, social, and environmental challenges. The goals are directed at governments, but the private sector and civil society play an important role in supporting national plans. We support governments’ efforts to meet the SDGs. For example, our corporate strategy directly supports progress toward SDG 7, “Affordable and Clean Energy. ” To meet the UN’s goal to “end poverty in all its forms everywhere, ” providing for basic energy needs is a must. As described in our Global Outlook, about 4 billion around the world live below what we call the “modern energy minimum” of 50 million British thermal units per capita per year. When a nation meets the modern energy minimum, it can: Provide universal access to clean cooking. Provide universal access to electricity. Eliminate abject poverty. As we continue to help supply the energy products the world needs, we also support progress toward SDG 13, “Climate Action. ” Reducing emissions is the other half of our “and” equation. We’re pursuing up to $30 billion in lower-emission investments from 2025 through 2030 – with about 65% focused on reducing emissions for third parties. 3 This investment also supports our 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reduction plans. 4 ExxonMobil Product Solutions supports progress toward SDG 12, ”Responsible Consumption and Production” by providing the plastics that make modern life possible. Our customers use our materials for applications in healthcare and medical equipment, agriculture, food and beverage, and other critical areas. We are advancing infrastructure and technology for collecting, sorting, and processing discarded plastics. In 2024, we announced a $200 million investment to expand our advanced recycling capacity to 500 million pounds – that’s the weight of about 25 Eiffel Towers. Advanced recycling allows for a substantially broader range of plastic waste to be recycled back into high-value raw materials versus conventional recycling. Communicating progress Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance Limited provided reasonable-level assurance for the processes we used to report on Ipieca’s core elements of safety, health and environment in our Sustainability Report. In addition to our Sustainability Report, we publish comprehensive reports to provide insight into how we create value through our integrated businesses and how we manage associated risks, opportunities, and impacts. Global Outlook Advancing Climate Solutions Report Annual Report Investing in People Worldwide Giving Report Advocacy Report Our systems, expectations, and standards We have built an organizational and governance structure around our focus areas to ensure top-to-bottom and bottom-to-top alignment. Our objectives and strategies ensure a consistent approach across the company, while empowering our business lines to take action and advance our sustainability priorities. Across our global operations, we apply rigorous management systems to identify, track, and report performance metrics. These systems help us comply with applicable laws and regulations and provide a framework for maintaining high standards, even where laws or regulations don’t exist. Our Operations Integrity Management System (OIMS) establishes expectations, protocols, and guidance that apply across all our operations to address risks inherent to our business, including environmental risks. Each element of OIMS contains overarching objectives, specific expectations, and detailed processes for implementation. The OIMS framework is applied across ExxonMobil, and we monitor the performance of our operated and non-operated assets (e. g. , joint ventures) against OIMS expectations. Key systems and standards include: Controls Integrity Management System (CIMS): The CIMS is used to assess and measure financial control risks, identify mitigation procedures, monitor compliance with standards, and report results. Environmental Aspects Guide (EAG): This guide establishes a consistent approach to identify, evaluate, and assess environmental and socioeconomic risks. Environmental Business Plans: These plans address environmental objectives as part of the annual business cycle using a corporate-wide framework. Environmental Data Management System (EDMS): The EDMS is used to collect, collate, and consolidate site-level data at the corporate level to help manage environmental performance indicators globally. Environmental, Socioeconomic, and Health Impact Assessment (ESHIA): These assessments enable us to identify and analyze key environmental, socioeconomic, and health risks and to develop management strategies throughout an asset’s life cycle. ExxonMobil Capital Projects Management System (EMCAPS): EMCAPS provides a framework for project development and execution and helps account for environmental and socioeconomic concerns, as well as regulatory requirements. Global Energy Management System: This system identifies opportunities to improve energy efficiency and reduce greenhouse gas emissions intensity in downstream and chemical operations. IMPACT: This corporate-wide database captures and analyzes safety and environmental data on incidents, near-misses, observations, assessment findings, lessons learned, and follow-up activities. National Content Guidelines, Strategies, and Best Practices: This document outlines the key elements of our national content strategy and plan, models and tools for the successful development of national content, and roles and responsibilities at the corporate, country, and project levels. Product Stewardship Information Management System (PSIMS): This system applies common global processes and a global computer system to capture and communicate information on the safe handling, transport, use, and disposal of our products. Project Environmental Standards (PES): These standards identify applicable company environmental and socioeconomic standards for affected new projects. Technology Management System: This system includes processes for technology investments that follow a gated management system from early technical innovation to final deployment. Additional resources Management systems, standards and controls Standards of Business Conduct Stakeholder engagement We work to foster mutual understanding, trust, and cooperation with many different stakeholder groups. Through open dialogue, we’re able to gather feedback, hear concerns, discuss approaches, share our plans, and tailor our approach to best understand and address individual perspectives and needs. Stakeholder groups include: Shareholders Governments Communities Customers Employees Suppliers Academia Nongovernmental organizations Trade associations and industry groups Engagement methods include: Community meetings Open-door communications Digital and social media Corporate publications Direct mail communications Participation in local organizations, trade associations, and other groups One-on-one or group discussions Two-way engagement topics include: Technical aspects of projects Community benefits and opportunities Potential impacts to the environment and community Local concerns Public policy development Project development progress Market-based approaches to sustainability matters Policy insights Safety, environmental, and human rights practices Engaging with shareholders Ongoing engagement with our shareholders is vitally important as we seek to understand their diverse perspectives and keep them informed about our business. We engage with shareholders and their representatives on a range of issues throughout the year. 2024 engagement highlights In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee has procedures for shareholders and others to reach out to Board members. Individuals can email our non-employee directors through our website. All communications are recorded by an assistant secretary or designated staff member and forwarded to the appropriate director or directors, or otherwise handled as the Committee directs. Our engagements can often address areas of interest without the need for formal shareholder proposals. Each year, shareholders or their proxies submit proposals as allowed by SEC Rule 14a-8. Company management and the Board consider each proposal, and the company seeks a dialogue with the proposal sponsor. At the 2024 annual meeting, shareholders owning more than 3. 3 billion outstanding shares, or approximately 84%, were represented. In 2024, shareholders voted on 7 issues, including 4 shareholder proposals. More information on the voting outcomes can be found in the 2024 proxy voting results. Corporate governance 2024 Proxy Statement 2024 Proxy Results Engaging with governments Policy decisions made at all levels of government can affect our operations, now and in the future. We actively participate in discussions around the world to support policies that promote economic growth, stable investment for long-term business viability, energy security, and the development and acceleration of lower-emission solutions. We focus on rational and constructive policy that reflects the “and” equation – growing the supply of affordable and reliable energy products that improve living standards around the world and supporting scalable development and deployment of lower- and zero-greenhouse gas emission technologies. Such policies can further encourage investments in lower-emission technologies to advance the energy transition at the lowest cost to society. ExxonMobil’s positions on climate, including its 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reduction plans 5, are available on our website and in our Advancing Climate Solutions Report, along with our annual proxy statement, press releases, and the Exxchange, our online advocacy hub. Our lobbying and political contributions are aligned with these positions. Positions and principles Advocacy Report Advancing Climate Solutions Report Proxy Statement Press releases Exxchange U. S. lobbying expenses ExxonMobil undertakes lobbying to advocate for our positions on issues that affect our company, the energy industry, and overall competitive free markets. We have a responsibility to our shareholders, employees, customers, and communities to represent their interests in public policy discussions that are related to our industry and impact our business. We have a rigorous process to determine which public policy issues are important to the company. This process includes soliciting input from internal business lines, Low Carbon Solutions, Upstream, and Product Solutions, as well as corporate departments including strategic planning, human resources, law, tax, and public and government affairs. We also engage with a wide range of third parties – both individuals and organizations – to ensure external perspectives are considered. Our Advocacy Report provides additional detail of our direct and indirect climate-related lobbying activities at the federal, state and local level, as well as our grassroots lobbying communications. In addition, the report provides all lobbying expenses that have been reported to us by all 501(c)(6) and 501(c)(4) organizations that we support. This includes more than 100 organizations and 100% of the lobbying expenses incurred, as well as the issues lobbied. It also provides an assessment of ExxonMobil and its affiliates’ climate-related lobbying activities in relevant trade associations. We fully comply with federal and state regulations by reporting federal lobbying to the U. S. Congress and state-level lobbying to appropriate entities, as required. We also publicly report, on a quarterly basis, our federal lobbying expenses and the specific issues lobbied. The total figure reported in our public Lobbying Disclosure Act filings includes expenses associated with the costs of employee federal lobbying, as well as those portions of payments to trade associations, coalitions, and think tanks spent on federal lobbying. This process, along with the oversight of our lobbying and political engagement, can be found on our website. Advocacy Report Political contributions The Board of Directors has authorized ExxonMobil to make political contributions to candidate committees and other political organizations as permitted by applicable laws. The Board annually reviews our political contributions, as well as contributions from the company-sponsored Political Action Committee (PAC). Internal audits of the corporation’s public and government affairs activities routinely verify contribution amounts. As a U. S. federal contractor, ExxonMobil has not used corporate treasury funds to support any federal candidates, national political parties, or other political committees, including Super Political Action Committees. ExxonMobil has chosen not to use treasury funds or PAC funds for direct independent political expenditures at the federal level, including electioneering communications. 6 Eligible employees and shareholders may participate in the U. S. political process by contributing to a voluntary, company-sponsored, federal PAC. ExxonMobil reports PAC contributions to the U. S. Federal Election Commission every month. Political contributions Transparency in payments to governments We believe that disclosing relevant payments to governments is an important tool to reduce corruption, improve government accountability, and promote greater economic stability worldwide. We consider the most successful transparency initiatives to be those that: Apply to all foreign, domestic, and state-owned companies. Protect proprietary information to promote commercial competitiveness. Comply with international trade conventions and treaties. Do not violate host government laws or contractual obligations. Our approach to tax Left Arrow Right arrow Sustainability at ExxonMobil Integrating sustainability into what we do Advancing Climate Solutions Pursuing environmental excellence Meeting society's critical needs for energy and products Safeguarding people Contributing to the well-being of communities close Publications Explore the reports Explore more Sustainability Report Sustainability • June 20, 2025 Expanding the plastics life cycle Sustainability Report • 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Working with suppliers Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 Enhancing process safety Sustainability Report • 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Improving air quality Sustainability Report • 2 min read • April 30, 2025 Sustainability Report Executive Summary Sustainability Report • 5 min read • April 30, 2025 FOOTNOTES: Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) developed by Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute, and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers. Lower emissions cash capex includes cash capex attributable to carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lithium, biofuels, Proxxima™ systems, carbon materials, and activities to lower ExxonMobil’s emissions and/or third party (3P) emissions. Planned spend is from 2025-2030. ExxonMobil 2030 GHG emission-reduction plans are intensity-based and for Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions from operated assets compared to 2016 levels. For more information, see our Advancing Climate Solutions report. ExxonMobil 2030 GHG emission-reduction plans are intensity-based and for Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions from operated assets compared to 2016 levels. Electioneering communication is the standard terminology used by the Federal Election Committee and also used in our Advocacy Report. It includes any communication that refers to a clearly identified federal candidate, is publicly distributed within 30 days of a primary or 60 days of a general election and is targeted to the relevant electorate. close FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS Images or statements of future ambitions, aims, aspirations, plans, goals, events, projects, projections, opportunities, expectations, performance, or conditions in the publications, including plans to reduce, abate, avoid or enable avoidance of emissions or reduce emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, business plans, and sustainability efforts are dependent on future market factors, such as customer demand, continued technological progress, stable policy support and timely rule-making or continuation of government incentives and funding, and represent forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero and similar roadmaps for emerging technologies and markets, and water management roadmaps to reduce freshwater intake and/or manage disposal, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future corporate, market or industry performance or outcomes for ExxonMobil or society and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are even unknown. Actual future results, including the achievement of ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in heritage Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030, and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives to meet ExxonMobil’s greenhouse gas emission reduction plans and goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans as well as technology advances, including in the timing and outcome of projects to capture, transport and store CO 2, produce hydrogen and ammonia, produce lower-emission fuels, produce Proxxima TM systems, produce carbon materials, produce lithium, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future debt levels and credit ratings; business and project plans, timing, costs, capacities and profitability; resource recoveries and production rates; planned Denbury and Pioneer integrated benefits; obtain data on detection, measurement and quantification of emissions including reporting of that data or updates to previous estimates and progress in sustainability focus areas could vary depending on a number of factors, including global or regional changes in oil, gas, petrochemicals, or feedstock prices, differentials, seasonal fluctuations, or other market or economic conditions affecting the oil, gas, and petrochemical industries and the demand for our products; new market products and services; future cash flows; our ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; the ability to realize efficiencies within and across our business lines; new or changing government policies for lower carbon and new market investment opportunities, or policies limiting the attractiveness of investments such as European taxes on energy and unequal support for different methods of carbon capture; developments or changes in local, national, or international treaties, laws, regulations, taxes, trade sanctions, trade tariffs, and incentives affecting our business, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, plastics, carbon storage and carbon costs; timely granting of governmental permits and certifications; uncertain impacts of deregulation on the legal and regulatory environment; evolving reporting standards for these topics and evolving measurement standards for reported data; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as electrification of operations, advanced recycling, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia production, Proxxima TM systems, carbon materials or direct lithium extraction on a commercially competitive basis; the development and competitiveness of alternative energy and emission reduction technologies; unforeseen technical or operating difficulties, including the need for unplanned maintenance; availability of feedstocks for lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, or advanced recycling; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of co-venturers competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences including willingness and ability to pay for reduced emissions products; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; timely completion of construction projects; war, civil unrest, attacks against the Company or industry, and other political or security disturbances, including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; decoupling of economies, realignment of global trade and supply chain networks, and disruptions in military alliances; and other factors discussed here and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under the heading “Factors affecting future results” available under the “Earnings” tab through the “Investors” page of our website at www. exxonmobil. com. The Advancing Climate Solutions Report includes 2024 greenhouse gas emissions performance data as of March 1, 2025, and Scope 3 Category 11 estimates for full year 2024 as of February 19, 2025. The greenhouse gas intensity and greenhouse gas emission estimates include Scope 2 market-based emissions. The Sustainability Report, the Advancing Climate Solutions Report, and corresponding Executive Summaries were issued on April 30, 2025. The content and data referenced in these publications focus primarily on our operations from Jan. 1, 2024 – Dec. 31, 2024, unless otherwise indicated. Tables on our “Metrics and data” page were updated to reflect full year 2024 data. Information regarding some known events or activities in 2025 and historical initiatives from prior years are also included. No party should place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates of these publications. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s knowledge and reasonable expectations at the time of publication. ExxonMobil assumes no duty to update these statements or materials as of any future date, and neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. See “ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS” at the end of this document for additional information on these reports and the use of non-GAAP and other financial measures. ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS The Advancing Climate Solutions Report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report are consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD. In doing so, ExxonMobil is not obligating itself to use any terms in the way defined by the TCFD or any other party, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendation of the TCFD or to provide any specific disclosure. For example, with respect to the term “material, ” individual companies are best suited to determine what information is material, under the long-standing U. S. Supreme Court definition, and whether to include this information in U. S. Securities and Exchange Act filings. In addition, the ISSB is evaluating standards that provide their interpretation of TCFD which may or may not be consistent with the current TCFD recommendations. The Sustainability Report and Advancing Climate Solutions Report are each a voluntary disclosure and are not designed to fulfill any U. S. , foreign, or third-party required reporting framework. Actions needed to advance ExxonMobil’s 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reductions plans are incorporated into its medium-term business plans, which are updated annually. The reference case for planning beyond 2030 is based on the Company’s Global Outlook research and publication. The Global Outlook is reflective of the existing global policy environment and an assumption of increasing policy stringency and technology improvement to 2050. However, the Global Outlook does not attempt to project the degree of required future policy and technology advancement and deployment for the world, or ExxonMobil, to meet net zero by 2050. As future policies and technology advancements emerge, they will be incorporated into the GIobal Outlook, and the Company’s business plans will be updated as appropriate. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by the corporation or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of stable and supportive policy, permitting, technological advancement for cost-effective abatement, insights from the Company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emission and other new investments is based on our corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, stable public policy support, other factors, and focused on returns. Energy demand modeling aims to replicate system dynamics of the global energy system, requiring simplifications. The reference to any scenario or any pathway for an energy transition, including any potential net-zero scenario, does not imply ExxonMobil views any particular scenario as likely to occur. In addition, energy demand scenarios require assumptions on a variety of parameters. As such, the outcome of any given scenario using an energy demand model comes with a high degree of uncertainty. For example, the IEA describes its NZE scenario as extremely challenging, requiring unprecedented innovation, unprecedented international cooperation, and sustained support and participation from consumers, with steeper reductions required each year since the scenario’s initial release. Third-party scenarios discussed in these reports reflect the modeling assumptions and outputs of their respective authors, not ExxonMobil, and their use or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by ExxonMobil of their underlying assumptions, likelihood, or probability. Investment decisions are made on the basis of ExxonMobil’s separate planning process but may be secondarily tested for robustness or resiliency against different assumptions, including against various scenarios. These reports contain information from third parties. ExxonMobil makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, ExxonMobil received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. ExxonMobil has also provided links in this report to third-party websites for ease of reference. ExxonMobil’s use of the third-party content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information. ExxonMobil reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) manual. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI and the selection of the data reported. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions, abatements and enabled avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to estimate, detect, measure, and address emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. Any reference to ExxonMobil’s support of, work with, or collaboration with a third-party organization within these publications do not constitute or imply an endorsement by ExxonMobil of any or all of the positions or activities of such organization. ExxonMobil participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, projects, groups, trade organizations, and other collaborations among industry and through organizations like the United Nations that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions, sustainability, and the energy transition. ExxonMobil’s participation or membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee that ExxonMobil’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond ExxonMobil’s control, including government regulation, availability and cost-effectiveness of technologies, and market forces and other risks and uncertainties. Such third parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and goals frequently diverge from ExxonMobil’s own ambitions, plans, goals, and commitments. ExxonMobil will continue to make independent decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its climate-related and sustainability-related ambitions, plans, goals, commitments, and investments. ExxonMobil’s future ambitions, goals and commitments reflect ExxonMobil’s current plans, and ExxonMobil may unilaterally change them for various reasons, including adoption of new reporting standards or practices, market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. References to “resources, ” “resource base, ” “recoverable resources” and similar terms refer to the total remaining estimated quantities of oil and natural gas that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The resource base includes quantities of oil and natural gas classified as proved reserves, as well as quantities that are not yet classified as proved reserves, but that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The term “resource base” is not intended to correspond to SEC definitions such as “probable” or “possible” reserves. For additional information, see the “Frequently Used Terms” on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www. exxonmobil. com under the header “Modeling Toolkit. ” References to “oil” and “gas” include crude, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. The term “project” as used in these publications can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso, and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we, ” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. These publications cover Exxon Mobil Corporation’s owned and operated businesses and do not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which ExxonMobil is the operator, we often exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy of these joint ventures may differ from those in these reports. At the time of publication, ExxonMobil has completed the acquisitions of Denbury Inc. and Pioneer Natural Resources Company. These reports and the data therein do not speak of these companies’ pre-acquisition governance, risk management, strategy approaches, or emissions or sustainability performance unless specifically referenced. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION FOR NON-GAAP AND OTHER MEASURES The Positioned for Growth in a Lower-Emission Future section of the Advancing Climate Solutions Report mentions modeled operating cash flow in comparing different businesses over time in a future scenario. Historic operating cash flow is defined as net income, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization for consolidated and equity companies, plus noncash adjustments related to asset retirement obligations plus proceeds from asset sales. The Company’s long-term portfolio modeling estimates operating cash flow as revenue or margins less cash expenses, taxes and abandonment expenditures plus proceeds from asset sales before portfolio capital expenditures. The Company believes this measure can be helpful in assessing the resiliency of the business to generate cash from different potential future markets. The performance data presented in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report and Sustainability Report, including on emissions, is not financial data and is not GAAP data. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:06:07 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/sustainability-and-reports/sustainability | 22.79 KB ===

Protect Tomorrow. Today | ExxonMobil Sustainability Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Sustainability Navigate to: About the report About the report More information Additional resources Sustainability and reports Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top ExxonMobil is committed to improving quality of life by meeting the needs of society. That's what we've done throughout our history. As the world evolves, so do we. We are constantly working to meet the changing needs of our customers and stakeholders. This ability to adapt has been the key to creating long-term shareholder value and will be critical to continued success in the years to come. Sustainability at ExxonMobil is integrated into what we do and core to our corporate strategy. Download the Sustainability Report Key takeaways Protect Tomorrow. Today. is the guiding principle behind our approach to sustainability. It drives our mindset to be the most responsible operator in our industry. We’re pursuing up to $30 billion in lower-emission investments between 2025 and 2030 – and we’re on track with our 2030 emission-intensity reduction plans, which we actively steward as part of our business plans. 1 Supportive technology and stronger policies are critical to reach net-zero by 2050. Rational and constructive policies that encourage the full range of technologies are key to lowering global emissions and meeting society’s needs for critical products and services. We pursue environmental excellence every day, because we know it’s not just what we do that matters, but also how we do it. We have a century-old legacy of growing local economies, supporting communities, developing our workforce, and maintaining a constant focus on keeping people safe. Sustainability Report Executive Summary PDF 2. 39 MB • April 30, 2025 Advancing Climate Solutions Report Executive Summary PDF 2. 43 MB • April 30, 2025 Explore more Integrating sustainability into what we do Sustainability Report • 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Advancing Climate Solutions Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 Pursuing environmental excellence Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 Meeting society's critical needs for energy and products Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 Safeguarding people Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 Contributing to the well-being of communities Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 Executive Summary Sustainability Report Advancing Climate Solutions Governance and executive compensation Learn more Metrics and data Learn more Content index Learn more Additional resources About our Advancing Climate Solutions and Sustainability Reports and Cautionary Statement Learn more Publications We’ve brought all our publications together into one easy-to-navigate location. Learn more Explore more Sustainability Report Sustainability • June 20, 2025 Expanding the plastics life cycle Sustainability Report • 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Rational and constructive policy Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Research and development Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 4 min read • April 30, 2025 Integrating sustainability into what we do Sustainability Report • 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Working with suppliers Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 FOOTNOTES: Lower-emissions cash capex includes cash capex attributable to carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lithium, biofuels, Proxxima™ systems, carbon materials, and activities to lower ExxonMobil’s emissions and/or third party (3P) emissions. Planned spend is from 2025-2030: close FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS Images or statements of future ambitions, aims, aspirations, plans, goals, events, projects, projections, opportunities, expectations, performance, or conditions in the publications, including plans to reduce, abate, avoid or enable avoidance of emissions or reduce emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, business plans, and sustainability efforts are dependent on future market factors, such as customer demand, continued technological progress, stable policy support and timely rule-making or continuation of government incentives and funding, and represent forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero and similar roadmaps for emerging technologies and markets, and water management roadmaps to reduce freshwater intake and/or manage disposal, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future corporate, market or industry performance or outcomes for ExxonMobil or society and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are even unknown. Actual future results, including the achievement of ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in heritage Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030, and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives to meet ExxonMobil’s greenhouse gas emission reduction plans and goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans as well as technology advances, including in the timing and outcome of projects to capture, transport and store CO 2, produce hydrogen and ammonia, produce lower-emission fuels, produce Proxxima TM systems, produce carbon materials, produce lithium, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future debt levels and credit ratings; business and project plans, timing, costs, capacities and profitability; resource recoveries and production rates; planned Denbury and Pioneer integrated benefits; obtain data on detection, measurement and quantification of emissions including reporting of that data or updates to previous estimates and progress in sustainability focus areas could vary depending on a number of factors, including global or regional changes in oil, gas, petrochemicals, or feedstock prices, differentials, seasonal fluctuations, or other market or economic conditions affecting the oil, gas, and petrochemical industries and the demand for our products; new market products and services; future cash flows; our ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; the ability to realize efficiencies within and across our business lines; new or changing government policies for lower carbon and new market investment opportunities, or policies limiting the attractiveness of investments such as European taxes on energy and unequal support for different methods of carbon capture; developments or changes in local, national, or international treaties, laws, regulations, taxes, trade sanctions, trade tariffs, and incentives affecting our business, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, plastics, carbon storage and carbon costs; timely granting of governmental permits and certifications; uncertain impacts of deregulation on the legal and regulatory environment; evolving reporting standards for these topics and evolving measurement standards for reported data; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as electrification of operations, advanced recycling, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia production, Proxxima TM systems, carbon materials or direct lithium extraction on a commercially competitive basis; the development and competitiveness of alternative energy and emission reduction technologies; unforeseen technical or operating difficulties, including the need for unplanned maintenance; availability of feedstocks for lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, or advanced recycling; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of co-venturers competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences including willingness and ability to pay for reduced emissions products; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; timely completion of construction projects; war, civil unrest, attacks against the Company or industry, and other political or security disturbances, including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; decoupling of economies, realignment of global trade and supply chain networks, and disruptions in military alliances; and other factors discussed here and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under the heading “Factors affecting future results” available under the “Earnings” tab through the “Investors” page of our website at www. exxonmobil. com. The Advancing Climate Solutions Report includes 2024 greenhouse gas emissions performance data as of March 1, 2025, and Scope 3 Category 11 estimates for full year 2024 as of February 19, 2025. The greenhouse gas intensity and greenhouse gas emission estimates include Scope 2 market-based emissions. The Sustainability Report, the Advancing Climate Solutions Report, and corresponding Executive Summaries were issued on April 30, 2025. The content and data referenced in these publications focus primarily on our operations from Jan. 1, 2024 – Dec. 31, 2024, unless otherwise indicated. Tables on our “Metrics and data” page were updated to reflect full year 2024 data. Information regarding some known events or activities in 2025 and historical initiatives from prior years are also included. No party should place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates of these publications. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s knowledge and reasonable expectations at the time of publication. ExxonMobil assumes no duty to update these statements or materials as of any future date, and neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. See “ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS” at the end of this document for additional information on these reports and the use of non-GAAP and other financial measures. ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS The Advancing Climate Solutions Report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report are consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD. In doing so, ExxonMobil is not obligating itself to use any terms in the way defined by the TCFD or any other party, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendation of the TCFD or to provide any specific disclosure. For example, with respect to the term “material, ” individual companies are best suited to determine what information is material, under the long-standing U. S. Supreme Court definition, and whether to include this information in U. S. Securities and Exchange Act filings. In addition, the ISSB is evaluating standards that provide their interpretation of TCFD which may or may not be consistent with the current TCFD recommendations. The Sustainability Report and Advancing Climate Solutions Report are each a voluntary disclosure and are not designed to fulfill any U. S. , foreign, or third-party required reporting framework. Actions needed to advance ExxonMobil’s 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reductions plans are incorporated into its medium-term business plans, which are updated annually. The reference case for planning beyond 2030 is based on the Company’s Global Outlook research and publication. The Global Outlook is reflective of the existing global policy environment and an assumption of increasing policy stringency and technology improvement to 2050. However, the Global Outlook does not attempt to project the degree of required future policy and technology advancement and deployment for the world, or ExxonMobil, to meet net zero by 2050. As future policies and technology advancements emerge, they will be incorporated into the GIobal Outlook, and the Company’s business plans will be updated as appropriate. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by the corporation or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of stable and supportive policy, permitting, technological advancement for cost-effective abatement, insights from the Company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emission and other new investments is based on our corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, stable public policy support, other factors, and focused on returns. Energy demand modeling aims to replicate system dynamics of the global energy system, requiring simplifications. The reference to any scenario or any pathway for an energy transition, including any potential net-zero scenario, does not imply ExxonMobil views any particular scenario as likely to occur. In addition, energy demand scenarios require assumptions on a variety of parameters. As such, the outcome of any given scenario using an energy demand model comes with a high degree of uncertainty. For example, the IEA describes its NZE scenario as extremely challenging, requiring unprecedented innovation, unprecedented international cooperation, and sustained support and participation from consumers, with steeper reductions required each year since the scenario’s initial release. Third-party scenarios discussed in these reports reflect the modeling assumptions and outputs of their respective authors, not ExxonMobil, and their use or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by ExxonMobil of their underlying assumptions, likelihood, or probability. Investment decisions are made on the basis of ExxonMobil’s separate planning process but may be secondarily tested for robustness or resiliency against different assumptions, including against various scenarios. These reports contain information from third parties. ExxonMobil makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, ExxonMobil received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. ExxonMobil has also provided links in this report to third-party websites for ease of reference. ExxonMobil’s use of the third-party content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information. ExxonMobil reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) manual. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI and the selection of the data reported. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions, abatements and enabled avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to estimate, detect, measure, and address emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. Any reference to ExxonMobil’s support of, work with, or collaboration with a third-party organization within these publications do not constitute or imply an endorsement by ExxonMobil of any or all of the positions or activities of such organization. ExxonMobil participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, projects, groups, trade organizations, and other collaborations among industry and through organizations like the United Nations that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions, sustainability, and the energy transition. ExxonMobil’s participation or membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee that ExxonMobil’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond ExxonMobil’s control, including government regulation, availability and cost-effectiveness of technologies, and market forces and other risks and uncertainties. Such third parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and goals frequently diverge from ExxonMobil’s own ambitions, plans, goals, and commitments. ExxonMobil will continue to make independent decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its climate-related and sustainability-related ambitions, plans, goals, commitments, and investments. ExxonMobil’s future ambitions, goals and commitments reflect ExxonMobil’s current plans, and ExxonMobil may unilaterally change them for various reasons, including adoption of new reporting standards or practices, market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. References to “resources, ” “resource base, ” “recoverable resources” and similar terms refer to the total remaining estimated quantities of oil and natural gas that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The resource base includes quantities of oil and natural gas classified as proved reserves, as well as quantities that are not yet classified as proved reserves, but that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The term “resource base” is not intended to correspond to SEC definitions such as “probable” or “possible” reserves. For additional information, see the “Frequently Used Terms” on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www. exxonmobil. com under the header “Modeling Toolkit. ” References to “oil” and “gas” include crude, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. The term “project” as used in these publications can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso, and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we, ” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. These publications cover Exxon Mobil Corporation’s owned and operated businesses and do not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which ExxonMobil is the operator, we often exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy of these joint ventures may differ from those in these reports. At the time of publication, ExxonMobil has completed the acquisitions of Denbury Inc. and Pioneer Natural Resources Company. These reports and the data therein do not speak of these companies’ pre-acquisition governance, risk management, strategy approaches, or emissions or sustainability performance unless specifically referenced. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION FOR NON-GAAP AND OTHER MEASURES The Positioned for Growth in a Lower-Emission Future section of the Advancing Climate Solutions Report mentions modeled operating cash flow in comparing different businesses over time in a future scenario. Historic operating cash flow is defined as net income, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization for consolidated and equity companies, plus noncash adjustments related to asset retirement obligations plus proceeds from asset sales. The Company’s long-term portfolio modeling estimates operating cash flow as revenue or margins less cash expenses, taxes and abandonment expenditures plus proceeds from asset sales before portfolio capital expenditures. The Company believes this measure can be helpful in assessing the resiliency of the business to generate cash from different potential future markets. The performance data presented in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report and Sustainability Report, including on emissions, is not financial data and is not GAAP data. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:06:17 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/careers | 8.35 KB ===

Career opportunities | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Video Player is loading. Play Video Pause Skip Backward Skip Forward Unmute Current Time 0: 00 Duration 0: 06 Loaded: 0. 00% 0: 00 Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time - 0: 06 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off, selected Captions captions settings, opens captions settings dialog captions off, selected Audio Track en (Main), selected Picture-in-Picture Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Text Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Caption Area Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Drop shadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. Career opportunities Build a career with us and use your energy to change the world Search open positions careerpaths careerpaths Working with us at ExxonMobil Left Arrow Right arrow Explore careers Search job openings by location or career field: business, engineering, research, operations, and many more. Who we are ExxonMobil, one of the world’s largest publicly traded energy providers and chemical manufacturers, develops and applies next-generation technologies to help safely and responsibly meet the world’s growing needs for energy and high-quality chemical products. Benefits An ExxonMobil career is one designed to last. Our employees grow personally and professionally, with benefits built to support every stage of life. Career paths at ExxonMobil What kinds of careers are available with an industry leader in energy? With operations spanning the globe, the opportunities are virtually limitless. Our career paths are broad categories of the work we do at ExxonMobil. Each career path encompasses a wide range of jobs and responsibilities. Explore your interests and learn more about the opportunities available within each career path. Commercial and business Develop commercial opportunities, build key relationships and provide the insights and analysis that shape our business strategies. Learn more Engineering Impact the way we deliver energy to the world by developing the energy solutions of tomorrow. Learn more Finance Fuel our financial success by providing expert finance, accounting and tax support to business lines across the globe. Learn more Geoscience Collect, analyze and interpret geological and geophysical data to identify and develop Exploration and Production opportunities. Learn more Human resources Help create competitive advantage through our greatest resource: our people. Learn more Information technology Deliver IT solutions that create a competitive advantage for our global operations and enable our business partners to succeed. Learn more Law Advise on complex issues facing the energy industry. Learn more Low Carbon Solutions Play a pivotal role in advancing solutions for a lower-emission future. Learn more Operations Operate, troubleshoot and maintain the systems and equipment that deliver energy to the world. Learn more Projects Build expertise in project development and execution as you work with industry leaders in project management. Learn more Public and government affairs P&GA shapes corporate messages on key issues, supports external engagements and manages the company’s reputation. Learn more Research and technology Leverage our world-class facilities to research the energy solutions of tomorrow. Learn more Safety, security, health and environmental Build your career with an industry leader in safety and help power the world’s progress, safely and responsibly. Learn more Supply chain Operate a world-class supply chain to deliver industry-leading customer experience at the highest value. Learn more Technical and administrative support Support one of the world’s leading energy companies to enable productivity, data analysis, communication and more. Learn more Trading Maximize value through expertise in analytics, logistics, origination and energy markets. Learn more Commercial and business Develop commercial opportunities, build key relationships and provide the insights and analysis that shape our business strategies. Learn more Engineering Impact the way we deliver energy to the world by developing the energy solutions of tomorrow. Learn more Finance Fuel our financial success by providing expert finance, accounting and tax support to business lines across the globe. Learn more Geoscience Collect, analyze and interpret geological and geophysical data to identify and develop Exploration and Production opportunities. Learn more Human resources Help create competitive advantage through our greatest resource: our people. Learn more Information technology Deliver IT solutions that create a competitive advantage for our global operations and enable our business partners to succeed. Learn more Law Advise on complex issues facing the energy industry. Learn more Low Carbon Solutions Play a pivotal role in advancing solutions for a lower-emission future. Learn more Operations Operate, troubleshoot and maintain the systems and equipment that deliver energy to the world. Learn more Projects Build expertise in project development and execution as you work with industry leaders in project management. Learn more Public and government affairs P&GA shapes corporate messages on key issues, supports external engagements and manages the company’s reputation. Learn more Research and technology Leverage our world-class facilities to research the energy solutions of tomorrow. Learn more Safety, security, health and environmental Build your career with an industry leader in safety and help power the world’s progress, safely and responsibly. Learn more Supply chain Operate a world-class supply chain to deliver industry-leading customer experience at the highest value. Learn more Technical and administrative support Support one of the world’s leading energy companies to enable productivity, data analysis, communication and more. Learn more Trading Maximize value through expertise in analytics, logistics, origination and energy markets. Learn more investing in our people Our people are our most competitive advantage Our Investing in People report shares our approach to talent – attracting and developing the best and fostering an environment where employees can thrive and reach their full potential. Learn more about how we are "Investing in people" Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Left Arrow Right arrow Diversity and inclusion ExxonMobil conducts business in almost every part of the world. The diversity of ideas, perspectives, skills, knowledge and cultures across our company facilitates innovation and is a key competitive advantage. Learn more close ExxonMobil is an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or physical or mental disability. Read more close Business solicitation and recruiting scams ExxonMobil does not use social media, unsolicited email or written correspondence to request an advance fee to conduct business, nor does it use recruiting or placement agencies that charge candidates an advance fee of any kind. Learn more close Accessibility If you are visiting our site and you require a reasonable accommodation to locate information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, please. close Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:06:33 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/what-we-do/delivering-industrial-solutions/hydrogen | 4.19 KB ===

Hydrogen | Climate Solutions Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications delivering industrial solutions Hydrogen Navigate to: Introduction Introduction Latest news Spotlight Key information Behind the technology Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Scaling up production of low-carbon hydrogen Hydrogen produces zero greenhouse gas emissions at its point of use. It's also versatile - suitable for power generation, trucking, and heat-intensive industries like steel and chemicals. We are scaling up production of low-carbon hydrogen to reduce CO 2 emissions in our own facilities, and helping others do the same. Latest news and information Low-carbon ammonia: Reducing emissions, energizing industry Article • 3 min read • May 8, 2025 Baytown breakthrough: Our next-generation hydrogen burner can help decarbonize a key industry Article • 3 min read • Jan. 23, 2025 Got 2 minutes? Learn why a new hydrogen burner could be a game-changer for industry Article • 2 min read • Nov. 13, 2024 Khaled bin Mohamed bin Zayed Witnesses Signing Ceremony for ADNOC and ExxonMobil Partnering in World’s Largest Low-Carbon Hydrogen Facility News releases • 4 min read • Sept. 4, 2024 Meet the people making hydrogen and ammonia happen Article • 3 min read • Aug. 6, 2024 View more hydrogen news from ExxonMobil Got 2 minutes? Learn why a new hydrogen burner could be a game-changer for industry Read the full article close What do I need to know? Left Arrow Right arrow Energy sector needs “There are applications in the energy sector that require high energy density. Think long distance trucks, ships, heavy industry, steel, chemical production, cement. These applications will continue to need high energy density fuels and are unlikely to be electrified very easily. So, this is where we need a low-carbon fuel source like hydrogen. ” - Bryan Chapman, Energy Sciences Principal, ExxonMobil Watch the video to learn more Hydrogen facility at Baytown To further support our ambitions for net zero Scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions across major operated assets by 2050, we are planning a world-scale blue hydrogen plant at our integrated refining and petrochemical complex in Baytown, Texas. The new plant could generate up to 1 billion cubic feet of hydrogen per day, delivering low-carbon fuel to the Baytown olefins plant and other Houston-area facilities. Learn more about our plans in Baytown Energy transition and our policy initiatives “We need policy incentives to support the production of low-carbon hydrogen and to incentivize investment in new demand cases for hydrogen. ” - Erik Oswald, VP of Strategy Development, ExxonMobil Low Carbon Solutions Watch to learn more about the energy transition and our policy initiatives Natural gas Natural gas is comprised largely of methane (CH 4 ) and can be turned into hydrogen through a reforming process. Hydrogen Once isolated, hydrogen can be used for domestic heating, transportation and in other industrial areas. Water Water is an input into the reforming process. Carbon storage CO 2 is removed, transported and permenently stored. Steam methane reforming Natural gas and steam undergo a series of reactions and separation to make H 2 and CO 2. Natural gas Hydrogen Water Carbon storage Steam methane reforming Low Carbon Solutions Low Carbon Solutions is helping to lower emissions by providing solutions to our industrial and commercial customers in growing markets for carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and lower-emission fuels. Learn more about Low Carbon Solutions Explore more Expert Spotlight: Bryan Chapman Hydrogen 8 things you didn’t know about hydrogen Hydrogen Hydrogen: Another chapter in ExxonMobil’s lower-emissions ambitions Carbon capture MIT's Drake Hernandez sees a future with hydrogen solutions Low Carbon Solutions Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:06:33 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/what-we-do/delivering-industrial-solutions/carbon-capture-and-storage | 5.56 KB ===

Carbon capture and storage | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Carbon capture and storage Providing industry solutions needed to help reduce emissions during the energy transition Navigate to: Latest news Latest news Critical technology Capture it. Move it. Store it Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top We’re a global leader in carbon capture and storage What is carbon capture and storage (CCS)? It’s capturing CO 2 that otherwise would be released into the atmosphere, and injecting it into geologic formations deep underground for safe, secure and permanent storage. It’s a readily available technology that can significantly reduce emissions from sectors like refining, chemicals, cement, steel and power generation. ExxonMobil is a global leader in CCS – a position further enhanced by our acquisition of Denbury Inc. Latest news Capture it. Move it. Store it: Three steps for reducing CO 2 emissions Carbon capture Article • 2 min read • Aug. 12, 2025 Indonesia’s “and” solution for the energy transition Indonesia News • 2 min read • May 15, 2025 How we’re capturing carbon and storing it safely Carbon capture Article • 2 min read • May 5, 2025 Calpine, ExxonMobil sign CO 2 transportation and storage agreement for power generation project Carbon capture News releases • 2 min read • April 23, 2025 Bringing carbon capture and storage to scale India News • 2 min read • April 11, 2025 View more news on how we're delivering industrial solutions Critical technology The International Energy Agency calls carbon capture and storage one of the critical technologies required to achieve net-zero emissions and the climate goals outlined in the Paris Agreement. We have cumulatively captured more CO 2 than any other company – 120 million metric tons – accounting for approximately 40 percent of all the anthropogenic CO 2 that has ever been captured. Watch the video Play close CCS Hubs are Essential _ ExxonMobil Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Skip Backward Skip Forward Mute Current Time 0: 00 Duration 0: 00 Loaded: 0% 0: 00 Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time - 0: 00 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off, selected Captions captions settings, opens captions settings dialog captions off, selected Audio Track Picture-in-Picture Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Text Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Caption Area Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Drop shadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Let’s deliver reliable carbon capture and storage Our carbon capture and storage (CCS) network can help reduce carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) emissions for key industries in the U. S. Our combined assets now include: More than 1, 300 miles of CO 2 pipeline owned and operated – largest in the U. S. Multiple strategically positioned storage sites across the U. S. Gulf Coast The potential to reduce CO 2 emissions by >100 million metric tons a year 1 We’re also working to advance CCS around the world. Read more Capture it. Move it. Store it: Three steps for reducing CO 2 emissions Learn more about how CCS works, why it matters and what makes it safe "With our demonstrated leadership in carbon capture and emissions reduction technologies, ExxonMobil is committed to meeting the demand for affordable energy while reducing emissions and managing the risks of climate change. " Darren Woods CEO, ExxonMobil Explore more Left Arrow Right arrow Capture it. Move it. Store it: Three steps for reducing CO2 emissions Carbon capture Article • 2 min read • Aug. 12, 2025 Indonesia’s “and” solution for the energy transition Indonesia News • 2 min read • May 15, 2025 How we’re capturing carbon and storing it safely Carbon capture Article • 2 min read • May 5, 2025 Calpine, ExxonMobil sign CO2 transportation and storage agreement for power generation project Carbon capture News releases • 2 min read • April 23, 2025 Bringing carbon capture and storage to scale India News • 2 min read • April 11, 2025 Carbon capture and storage: Indonesia's winning opportunity Indonesia News • 4 min read • April 11, 2025 Low Carbon Solutions Low Carbon Solutions is helping to lower emissions by providing solutions to our industrial and commercial customers in growing markets for carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and lower emission fuels. Learn more about Low Carbon Solutions Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:06:40 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/what-we-do/delivering-industrial-solutions | 13.51 KB ===

Delivering industrial solutions | Heavy Industry | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Video Player is loading. Play Video Pause Skip Backward Skip Forward Unmute Current Time 0: 00 Duration 0: 10 Loaded: 0. 00% 0: 00 Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time - 0: 10 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off, selected Captions captions settings, opens captions settings dialog captions off, selected Audio Track en (Main), selected Picture-in-Picture Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Text Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Caption Area Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Drop shadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. Delivering industrial solutions We're helping accelerate society's path to net zero by scaling up emissions solutions for key industries Navigate to Our solutions Our solutions Industrial sectors Newsroom Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Big industries, big solutions ExxonMobil knows industry. About two-thirds of the products we make are used by commercial and industrial companies - including electric utilities, trucking and other commercial transportation, and heavy industries like steel and cement. And of course, we’re an industrial company ourselves. Reducing emissions from industry will be key to meeting society’s climate goals. That’s why we’re scaling up carbon capture and storage, and the next generation of industrial fuels - like hydrogen - which can help industries reduce emissions while continuing to provide essential products for the world. These are more than emissions solutions; they’re the foundations of potential new industries focused on carbon reduction – and ExxonMobil is positioned to help lead the way. Latest news Capture it. Move it. Store it: Three steps for reducing CO 2 emissions Carbon capture Article • 2 min read • Aug. 12, 2025 Solidifying a brighter, lighter future: Proxxima™ systems near phase one completion Product solutions Article • 2 min read • Aug. 1, 2025 Indonesia’s “and” solution for the energy transition Indonesia News • 2 min read • May 15, 2025 Low-carbon ammonia: Reducing emissions, energizing industry Delivering industrial solutions Article • 3 min read • May 8, 2025 How we’re capturing carbon and storing it safely Carbon capture Article • 2 min read • May 5, 2025 View more news on how we're delivering industrial solutions Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Let’s deliver reliable carbon capture and storage Our carbon capture and storage (CCS) network can help reduce carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) emissions for key industries in the U. S. Our combined assets now include: More than 1, 300 miles of CO 2 pipeline owned and operated – largest in the U. S. Multiple strategically positioned storage sites across the U. S. Gulf Coast The potential to reduce CO 2 emissions by >100 million metric tons a year 1 We’re also working to advance CCS around the world. Read more Our solutions Left Arrow Right arrow Carbon capture and storage Carbon capture and storage (CCS) is proven technology that can capture large volumes of CO 2 emissions from industrial sources and store them underground, safely and permanently. With more than 40 years' experience, ExxonMobil is a global leader in CCS and we're advancing projects around the world to help us, and our customers, meet emission-reduction goals. Learn more about carbon capture and storage Direct air capture Direct air capture (DAC) captures CO 2 directly from the atmosphere. It can complement other technologies and offset emissions that are difficult to eliminate, so it will likely play a key role in reaching net zero. We’re testing our own unique design with the goal to, over time, create a scalable and economically viable solution. Learn more about direct air capture Hydrogen Hydrogen produces zero greenhouse gas emissions at its point of use. It's also versatile - suitable for power generation, trucking, and heat-intensive industries like steel and chemicals. We are scaling up production of low-carbon hydrogen to reduce CO 2 emissions in our own facilities, and helping others do the same. Learn more about what we are doing to scale the use of hydrogen Lithium Lithium is a key component of electric vehicle batteries. To meet projected growth in EVs, the world will need a lot more lithium. ExxonMobil plans to become of leading supplier of lithium, using a modern process that has significantly less environmental impact than traditional mining. Learn more about lithium Lower emission fuels Lower emission fuels (LEF) made from renewable sources - like vegetable oils and agricultural waste - can reduce emissions from trucks and other forms of commercial transportation. We are leveraging our expertise in developing traditional transportation fuels to create lower emission biofuels alternatives for our customers, whether they travel by land, sea or air. Learn more about how LEF is used in the transportation sector Our solutions Jump to item group 1 Our solutions Jump to item group 2 Enabling low-carbon ammonia: our landmark agreement with CF Industries CF Industries will eliminate up to 2 million metric tons per year of its CO 2 emissions by utilizing ExxonMobil’s CCS services in Louisiana. That’s equivalent to replacing approximately 700, 000 gasoline-powered cars with electric vehicles. Learn more and hear from Tony Will, CF Industries President and CEO Let’s keep economies humming with fewer emissions Most of the world’s CO 2 emissions comes from the industrial, power, and commercial transportation sectors that support modern life and economic growth. From steelmaking to shipping, ExxonMobil is scaling up solutions that can help these industries – including our own – reduce emissions while still meeting demand for their products and services. These solutions include hydrogen, carbon capture and storage, and advanced biofuels. View the sectors below to learn more. Note: Data in this illustration are sourced from the International Energy Agency and ExxonMobil Outlook for Energy. Steel Iron and steel account for ~8% of global direct CO 2 emissions, partly due to the use of coal in blast furnaces. Carbon capture could reduce CO 2 emissions from steelmaking by more than 70%, by capturing the CO 2 and storing it safely underground. Hydrogen could reduce emissions by up to 80% compared to coal. Natural gas is another low-carbon option for steel, as it emits up to 60% less CO 2 than coal. Power generation Power generation accounts for ~40% of global energy-related CO 2 emissions – the largest of any sector. Wind and solar is playing a big role, but achieving net zero in the power sector will require even more solutions to manage the intermittent nature of these renewable sources. Natural gas emits up to 60% less CO 2 than coal when used to make power Carbon capture can help gas-powered facilities cut emissions even further Hydrogen is emerging as a potential low-carbon fuel option for power Transportation Advanced biofuels can reduce transportation emissions without requiring changes to engines or fueling infrastructure. Hydrogen-based fuels, including ammonia, are emerging as an emissions solution for both road and marine transportation. Products that improve efficiency also can reduce emissions. These include high-quality fuels, lightweight plastics, and high-performance lubes and greases. Cement The cement industry accounts for ~7% of global direct CO 2 emissions, due to the use of coal and to the CO 2 naturally released during the calcination process. Carbon capture can prevent CO 2 released during calcination from reaching the atmosphere. Hydrogen can provide required heat levels while emitting no CO 2 at its point of use Natural gas is another option, emitting up to 60% less CO 2 than coal. Other industries Modern life is supported by other energy-intensive industries that make materials like fuel, fertilizer, chemicals, aluminum and glass. Carbon capture lets these industries continue using their fuel of choice while eliminating >90% of CO 2 emissions. Hydrogen provides the heat and energy they need but emits only water at point of use. Another option is natural gas, which emits up to 60% less CO 2 than coal. “ I think we can really help decarbonize the world using both our strengths. ” Tak Ishikawa President and CEO, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries America Watch the video to learn how we're working with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries on solutions to help advance a lower carbon future. Play close Helping to Decarbonize the World with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries _ ExxonMobil Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Skip Backward Skip Forward Mute Current Time 0: 00 Duration 0: 00 Loaded: 0% 0: 00 Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time - 0: 00 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off, selected Captions captions settings, opens captions settings dialog captions off, selected Audio Track Picture-in-Picture Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Text Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Caption Area Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Drop shadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. “ At Baytown, we’re working together to take on some of the big societal challenges. ” Bryan Glover Chief Growth Officer, Honeywell Performance Materials and Technology Watch the video to learn how we're working with Honeywell UOP to reduce emissions. Play close Video Player is loading. Play Video Pause Skip Backward Skip Forward Unmute Current Time 0: 00 Duration 1: 10 Loaded: 0. 00% 0: 00 Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time - 1: 10 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off, selected Captions captions settings, opens captions settings dialog captions off, selected Audio Track en (Main), selected Picture-in-Picture Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Text Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Caption Area Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Opacity Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Drop shadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. Scaling up solutions in the U. S. Gulf Coast The U. S. Gulf Coast has always been a hub for global industry. Today, it’s where we’re scaling up solutions that can help industries significantly reduce their emissions. Learn more about our solutions in the Gulf Coast Hydrogen: Another chapter in ExxonMobil’s lower-emissions ambitions ExxonMobil signs carbon capture agreement with Nucor Corporation, reaching 5 MTA milestone Newsroom Stay up to date with the latest news and information Visit the Newsroom Explore more Capture it. Move it. Store it: Three steps for reducing CO 2 emissions Carbon capture 2 min read • Aug. 12, 2025 Solidifying a brighter, lighter future: Proxxima™ systems near phase one completion Product solutions 2 min read • Aug. 1, 2025 Indonesia’s “and” solution for the energy transition Indonesia 2 min read • May 15, 2025 Low-carbon ammonia: Reducing emissions, energizing industry Delivering industrial solutions 3 min read • May 8, 2025 How we’re capturing carbon and storing it safely Carbon capture 2 min read • May 5, 2025 Calpine, ExxonMobil sign CO 2 transportation and storage agreement for power generation project Carbon capture 2 min read • April 23, 2025 Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:06:41 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/what-we-do/energy-supply | 6.23 KB ===

Energy supply | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications What we do Energy supply Strengthening energy security and helping to advance the energy transition Navigate to: Latest news Latest news Our Upstream portfolio Guyana The Permian Basin Policy and energy security Driving reductions in methane emissions Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Providing the world with reliable and affordable energy We responsibly explore for, develop and produce oil and natural gas. That’s not only the gas that fuels your car, it's also the natural gas you use to cook your dinner or heat your home. Increasing supplies of reliable energy and decreasing emissions is not an either-or proposition. We want to do both — strengthen energy security and help advance the energy transition. Latest news Visit the newsroom Let's talk LNG Article • 3 min read • Dec. 9, 2024 ExxonMobil completes acquisition of Pioneer Natural Resources News releases • 3 min read • May 3, 2024 ExxonMobil announces first-quarter 2024 results News releases • April 26, 2024 ExxonMobil Guyana moves forward with sixth offshore development News releases • 4 min read • April 12, 2024 Energizing Guyana's tomorrow Article • 2 min read • March 19, 2024 ExxonMobil completes acquisition of Pioneer Natural Resources The merger of ExxonMobil and Pioneer creates an Unconventional business with the largest high-return development potential in the Permian Basin. The combined company’s more than 1. 4 million net acres in the Delaware and Midland basins have an estimated 16 billion barrels of oil equivalent resource. Read the press release Our Upstream portfolio Left Arrow Right arrow We have five Upstream businesses: unconventional, conventional, deepwater, heavy oil and liquefied natural gas (LNG). This organizational model is underpinned by deep technical and commercial capabilities in all five. Unconventional We operate throughout the United States, from the Permian Basin to the Bakken to Appalachia. We hold more than 9. 5 million acres, with a total resource base of approximately 18. 5 billion oil equivalent barrels. We also provide operational support for unconventional resource development in Argentina. Learn more Conventional Conventional oil and natural gas are the largest and most diverse piece of the Upstream portfolio. We have operations spanning a wide range of conditions in nearly 20 countries. Learn more Deepwater We maintain one of the most active deepwater exploration programs in the industry, with acreage positions in Guyana, Angola, and the Eastern Mediterranean. We invest in efficient and responsible exploration that leads to projects that deliver robust shareholder returns while supplying needed energy for today and tomorrow. Learn more Heavy oil Through our majority-owned affiliate Imperial Oil Limited, we have a significant heavy-oil-asset portfolio in the oil sands region of Alberta, Canada. Learn more Natural gas Oil and natural gas technologies, such as horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, have unlocked vast unconventional resources. These supplies have dramatically altered the energy landscape over the past decade, particularly in North America. Learn more Our Upstream portfolio Jump to item group 1 Our Upstream portfolio Jump to item group 2 Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Our global organization Guyana Our Guyana projects are our most successful deepwater developments and among the most competitive in our Upstream portfolio. By 2027, we expect to be producing approximately 1. 3 million barrels of oil a day on the Stabroek Block – the area with our discoveries off the coast of Guyana. Our work in Guyana helps develop a globally competitive workforce by investing in local Guyanese communities and projects to support the country’s sustainable development. Learn more about ExxonMobil in Guyana Our global organization The Permian Basin Our Permian Basin operations are in the United States’ most prolific oil and gas producing area in West Texas and Southeast New Mexico. We have one of the industry’s most aggressive plans in the Permian to achieve near-zero methane emissions from our operated, unconventional assets by 2030. We're expanding and accelerating methane monitoring, equipment upgrades and flaring reductions. Our team’s innovation and technology play an essential role in efforts to both unlock more energy to meet society’s needs and reduce emissions from our operations. Learn how we're positioning for a lower-emission future Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close PROMOTING INVESTMENT Policy and energy security Our annual Global Outlook projects that by 2050, energy demand will increase 15% to support rising economic standards of living in the developing world. At the same time, the world’s population will increase 25%, rising by 2 billion people. With population increasing and demand rising, we’ll need all forms of energy to meet our needs and maintain energy security. Clear and consistent policy that creates an environment where companies can invest in projects and technology will create a path for the market to eventually take over. Driving reductions in methane emissions Our Advancing Climate Solutions Report explains how we’re driving reductions in methane emissions. Explore the ACS report close What we do Creating energy and sustainable solutions that improve quality of life and meet society’s evolving needs. Learn more about what we do Explore more Exploring the Land of Enchantment Energy supply Article ExxonMobil starts production at third offshore Guyana project News News releases Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:06:41 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/community | 4.98 KB ===

Investing in communities | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Investing in communities Supporting people and communities around the world Navigate to: Our commitment Our commitment Latest news Supporting communities STEM education Worldwide giving Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Our commitment We’re committed to being a good corporate citizen, helping to improve society and quality of life where we operate around the world. We work to protect the health, safety and security of our employees and the public, responsibly manage our socioeconomic impacts and uphold respect for human rights in all of our operations. We strive to collaborate with all stakeholders, including suppliers, customers and our workforce, to help enhance the benefits of our business to local communities. Our investments in local communities play a key role in meeting our commitments. Latest news and information Africa’s Future STEM Leaders Shine at the ExxonMobil Foundation STEM Africa Regional Finals Africa / Middle East News • 3 min read • Oct. 22, 2025 Kids’ Meals ExxonMobil Campus to serve 26, 000 meals each weekday to preschool-aged children by 2031 United States Article • 3 min read • Oct. 15, 2025 ExxonMobil contributes $650, 000 to flood relief efforts in the Texas Hill Country and Ruidoso, New Mexico United States Article • 2 min read • July 11, 2025 ExxonMobil Foundation STEM Africa program wins Local Impact Award Africa / Middle East News • 2 min read • June 6, 2025 Enable employees to reach their full potential Investing in people Report • 3 min read • April 7, 2025 View more news from ExxonMobil " We’re passionate about using our resources to help address community needs where we operate around the world. " Alvin Abraham President, ExxonMobil Foundation and Global Manager of Corporate Giving, Exxon Mobil Corporation Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Supporting communities Left Arrow Right arrow Local investments, focused on economic and educational benefits, are one of the key ways we support communities in which we operate. We work closely with local communities to understand their unique needs, identify and help contribute to long-term, positive local economic and social development, and support effective risk management. The areas below are important parts of our broader approach to supporting communities. Respecting human rights Our commitment to respecting human rights is embedded throughout our corporate policies, practices and expectations. We’re guided by the goals of universally recognized human rights principles as we identify and mitigate the potential impacts of our activities. Learn about our commitment to respecting human rights Managing socioeconomic impacts The key socioeconomic elements of our integrated approach include: identification and assessment of potential impacts and benefits; human rights; community engagement and grievance management; community health, safety and security; local economic development; land use, resettlement and livelihood restoration; cultural heritage; and Indigenous peoples. Explore our Socioeconomic Management interactive tool Learn about our integrated socioeconomic management approach Working with suppliers Our core value of Care doesn’t stop at our door. Our suppliers of goods and services all have a role to play in how we work to Protect Tomorrow. Today. Learn about how ExxonMobil works with our suppliers Community STEM education Supporting education is part of our DNA. We’re working with local educators, universities, nonprofits, and global academic leaders to build a pipeline of future engineers and scientists for companies and industries like ours. Learn more about our commitment to STEM education Worldwide giving In 2022, collectively, Exxon Mobil Corporation, its divisions and affiliates, employees and retirees, and the ExxonMobil Foundation, provided $158 million in contributions and community investments worldwide. Explore the report close LinkedIn Learn more Instagram Learn more Who we are Discover how our global legacy is helping the oil and gas company fuel the world safely using technology and innovation. Learn more about ExxonMobil's history and guiding principles Explore more Worldwide Giving Report Worldwide Giving Report Our global organization Our global organization Topic Our approach Our approach Topic Publications Publications Topic Our history Who we are Article • Feb. 9, 2023 Build a career with us and use your energy to change the world Corporate Topic Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:06:41 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/sustainability-and-reports/sustainability/contributing-to-communities | 21.30 KB ===

Contributing to the well-being of communities | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Contributing to the well-being of communities Navigate to: Our approach Our approach More information Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top We have a proven legacy of growing local economies, supporting communities, developing our workforce, and keeping people safe. Our core values and We are ExxonMobil leadership culture have led the way. We know that every community has a unique culture and history, and we believe everyone deserves to be treated fairly. And we share these same expectations with our suppliers. We aim to promote inclusive sourcing open to all, and we seek to work with qualified suppliers that share our commitment to respecting human rights and working to reduce impacts to the environment. Left Arrow Right arrow Managing socioeconomic impacts We are committed to being a good corporate citizen in the places we operate worldwide. This means maintaining high ethical standards; complying with applicable laws, rules, and regulations; and respecting local and national cultures. And we are dedicated to running safe and environmentally responsible operations. Learn more close Working with suppliers We work to promote inclusive sourcing open to all. We are committed to respecting human rights and working to reduce impacts to the environment. We seek to work with qualified suppliers that share our commitment. Learn more close Executive Summary Sustainability Report Advancing Climate Solutions Governance and executive compensation Learn more Metrics and data Learn more Content index Learn more Publications Explore the reports Explore more Sustainability Report Sustainability Expanding the plastics life cycle Sustainability Report • 3 min read Rational and constructive policy Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 5 min read Research and development Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 4 min read Integrating sustainability into what we do Sustainability Report • 5 min read Working with suppliers Sustainability Report close FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS Images or statements of future ambitions, aims, aspirations, plans, goals, events, projects, projections, opportunities, expectations, performance, or conditions in the publications, including plans to reduce, abate, avoid or enable avoidance of emissions or reduce emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, business plans, and sustainability efforts are dependent on future market factors, such as customer demand, continued technological progress, stable policy support and timely rule-making or continuation of government incentives and funding, and represent forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero and similar roadmaps for emerging technologies and markets, and water management roadmaps to reduce freshwater intake and/or manage disposal, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future corporate, market or industry performance or outcomes for ExxonMobil or society and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are even unknown. Actual future results, including the achievement of ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in heritage Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030, and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives to meet ExxonMobil’s greenhouse gas emission reduction plans and goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans as well as technology advances, including in the timing and outcome of projects to capture, transport and store CO 2, produce hydrogen and ammonia, produce lower-emission fuels, produce Proxxima TM systems, produce carbon materials, produce lithium, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future debt levels and credit ratings; business and project plans, timing, costs, capacities and profitability; resource recoveries and production rates; planned Denbury and Pioneer integrated benefits; obtain data on detection, measurement and quantification of emissions including reporting of that data or updates to previous estimates and progress in sustainability focus areas could vary depending on a number of factors, including global or regional changes in oil, gas, petrochemicals, or feedstock prices, differentials, seasonal fluctuations, or other market or economic conditions affecting the oil, gas, and petrochemical industries and the demand for our products; new market products and services; future cash flows; our ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; the ability to realize efficiencies within and across our business lines; new or changing government policies for lower carbon and new market investment opportunities, or policies limiting the attractiveness of investments such as European taxes on energy and unequal support for different methods of carbon capture; developments or changes in local, national, or international treaties, laws, regulations, taxes, trade sanctions, trade tariffs, and incentives affecting our business, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, plastics, carbon storage and carbon costs; timely granting of governmental permits and certifications; uncertain impacts of deregulation on the legal and regulatory environment; evolving reporting standards for these topics and evolving measurement standards for reported data; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as electrification of operations, advanced recycling, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia production, Proxxima TM systems, carbon materials or direct lithium extraction on a commercially competitive basis; the development and competitiveness of alternative energy and emission reduction technologies; unforeseen technical or operating difficulties, including the need for unplanned maintenance; availability of feedstocks for lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, or advanced recycling; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of co-venturers competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences including willingness and ability to pay for reduced emissions products; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; timely completion of construction projects; war, civil unrest, attacks against the Company or industry, and other political or security disturbances, including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; decoupling of economies, realignment of global trade and supply chain networks, and disruptions in military alliances; and other factors discussed here and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under the heading “Factors affecting future results” available under the “Earnings” tab through the “Investors” page of our website at www. exxonmobil. com. The Advancing Climate Solutions Report includes 2024 greenhouse gas emissions performance data as of March 1, 2025, and Scope 3 Category 11 estimates for full year 2024 as of February 19, 2025. The greenhouse gas intensity and greenhouse gas emission estimates include Scope 2 market-based emissions. The Sustainability Report, the Advancing Climate Solutions Report, and corresponding Executive Summaries were issued on April 30, 2025. The content and data referenced in these publications focus primarily on our operations from Jan. 1, 2024 – Dec. 31, 2024, unless otherwise indicated. Tables on our “Metrics and data” page were updated to reflect full year 2024 data. Information regarding some known events or activities in 2025 and historical initiatives from prior years are also included. No party should place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates of these publications. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s knowledge and reasonable expectations at the time of publication. ExxonMobil assumes no duty to update these statements or materials as of any future date, and neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. See “ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS” at the end of this document for additional information on these reports and the use of non-GAAP and other financial measures. ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS The Advancing Climate Solutions Report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report are consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD. In doing so, ExxonMobil is not obligating itself to use any terms in the way defined by the TCFD or any other party, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendation of the TCFD or to provide any specific disclosure. For example, with respect to the term “material, ” individual companies are best suited to determine what information is material, under the long-standing U. S. Supreme Court definition, and whether to include this information in U. S. Securities and Exchange Act filings. In addition, the ISSB is evaluating standards that provide their interpretation of TCFD which may or may not be consistent with the current TCFD recommendations. The Sustainability Report and Advancing Climate Solutions Report are each a voluntary disclosure and are not designed to fulfill any U. S. , foreign, or third-party required reporting framework. Actions needed to advance ExxonMobil’s 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reductions plans are incorporated into its medium-term business plans, which are updated annually. The reference case for planning beyond 2030 is based on the Company’s Global Outlook research and publication. The Global Outlook is reflective of the existing global policy environment and an assumption of increasing policy stringency and technology improvement to 2050. However, the Global Outlook does not attempt to project the degree of required future policy and technology advancement and deployment for the world, or ExxonMobil, to meet net zero by 2050. As future policies and technology advancements emerge, they will be incorporated into the GIobal Outlook, and the Company’s business plans will be updated as appropriate. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by the corporation or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of stable and supportive policy, permitting, technological advancement for cost-effective abatement, insights from the Company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emission and other new investments is based on our corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, stable public policy support, other factors, and focused on returns. Energy demand modeling aims to replicate system dynamics of the global energy system, requiring simplifications. The reference to any scenario or any pathway for an energy transition, including any potential net-zero scenario, does not imply ExxonMobil views any particular scenario as likely to occur. In addition, energy demand scenarios require assumptions on a variety of parameters. As such, the outcome of any given scenario using an energy demand model comes with a high degree of uncertainty. For example, the IEA describes its NZE scenario as extremely challenging, requiring unprecedented innovation, unprecedented international cooperation, and sustained support and participation from consumers, with steeper reductions required each year since the scenario’s initial release. Third-party scenarios discussed in these reports reflect the modeling assumptions and outputs of their respective authors, not ExxonMobil, and their use or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by ExxonMobil of their underlying assumptions, likelihood, or probability. Investment decisions are made on the basis of ExxonMobil’s separate planning process but may be secondarily tested for robustness or resiliency against different assumptions, including against various scenarios. These reports contain information from third parties. ExxonMobil makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, ExxonMobil received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. ExxonMobil has also provided links in this report to third-party websites for ease of reference. ExxonMobil’s use of the third-party content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information. ExxonMobil reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) manual. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI and the selection of the data reported. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions, abatements and enabled avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to estimate, detect, measure, and address emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. Any reference to ExxonMobil’s support of, work with, or collaboration with a third-party organization within these publications do not constitute or imply an endorsement by ExxonMobil of any or all of the positions or activities of such organization. ExxonMobil participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, projects, groups, trade organizations, and other collaborations among industry and through organizations like the United Nations that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions, sustainability, and the energy transition. ExxonMobil’s participation or membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee that ExxonMobil’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond ExxonMobil’s control, including government regulation, availability and cost-effectiveness of technologies, and market forces and other risks and uncertainties. Such third parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and goals frequently diverge from ExxonMobil’s own ambitions, plans, goals, and commitments. ExxonMobil will continue to make independent decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its climate-related and sustainability-related ambitions, plans, goals, commitments, and investments. ExxonMobil’s future ambitions, goals and commitments reflect ExxonMobil’s current plans, and ExxonMobil may unilaterally change them for various reasons, including adoption of new reporting standards or practices, market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. References to “resources, ” “resource base, ” “recoverable resources” and similar terms refer to the total remaining estimated quantities of oil and natural gas that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The resource base includes quantities of oil and natural gas classified as proved reserves, as well as quantities that are not yet classified as proved reserves, but that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The term “resource base” is not intended to correspond to SEC definitions such as “probable” or “possible” reserves. For additional information, see the “Frequently Used Terms” on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www. exxonmobil. com under the header “Modeling Toolkit. ” References to “oil” and “gas” include crude, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. The term “project” as used in these publications can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso, and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we, ” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. These publications cover Exxon Mobil Corporation’s owned and operated businesses and do not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which ExxonMobil is the operator, we often exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy of these joint ventures may differ from those in these reports. At the time of publication, ExxonMobil has completed the acquisitions of Denbury Inc. and Pioneer Natural Resources Company. These reports and the data therein do not speak of these companies’ pre-acquisition governance, risk management, strategy approaches, or emissions or sustainability performance unless specifically referenced. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION FOR NON-GAAP AND OTHER MEASURES The Positioned for Growth in a Lower-Emission Future section of the Advancing Climate Solutions Report mentions modeled operating cash flow in comparing different businesses over time in a future scenario. Historic operating cash flow is defined as net income, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization for consolidated and equity companies, plus noncash adjustments related to asset retirement obligations plus proceeds from asset sales. The Company’s long-term portfolio modeling estimates operating cash flow as revenue or margins less cash expenses, taxes and abandonment expenditures plus proceeds from asset sales before portfolio capital expenditures. The Company believes this measure can be helpful in assessing the resiliency of the business to generate cash from different potential future markets. The performance data presented in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report and Sustainability Report, including on emissions, is not financial data and is not GAAP data. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:07:19 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/what-we-do | 3.59 KB ===

What we do | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications What we do Creating energy and sustainable solutions that improve quality of life and meet society’s evolving needs Navigate to: What we do What we do Delivering industrial solutions Lower-emission transportation Materials for modern living Energy supply A deeper dive Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top What we do For over 140 years, we’ve discovered, produced and delivered critical energy and products to people around the world. We continue to evolve to meet growing global demand for oil, natural gas and refined products and plan to play a leading role in the energy transition. By applying our expertise in scale, integration, operations and technology, the people of ExxonMobil are working to produce vital energy and products, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and create sustainable value for our shareholders, stakeholders and society. Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Delivering industrial solutions As a global industrial company, we’re working with others to provide essential energy and chemical resources to power businesses, enable construction, and support manufacturing, and to provide low carbon solutions such as large-scale carbon capture and storage to help reduce industrial and commercial emissions. Explore our solutions Transforming transportation Meeting global transportation needs while managing emissions requires multiple solutions, and we're taking a comprehensive, science-based approach to drive efficiencies that will ultimately help decarbonize transportation. Explore our solutions Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Materials for modern living From high-tech, lightweight plastics for smartphones, EVs, and medical devices, to high-powered fuels for aircraft, to lubricants for wind turbines, and flexible films for food preservation, we create innovative solutions that make modern life possible. Learn more Energy supply Energy lifts living standards and is, essential for human progress. For more than 140 years, we have been supplying energy and products people need to live healthy, prosperous lives in the modern world. We remain determined to tackle head-on the challenge of strengthening energy supply security and reducing emissions to support a net-zero future while growing value for our shareholders and stakeholders. Against the backdrop of a global pandemic and retreating industry where global suppliers pulled back, we sustained our investments to grow energy supplies. That helps all of us who need critical energy now and into the future. Learn more Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close A deeper dive The future of lower emission transportation fuels Lower-emission fuels Lower-emission fuels Transforming transportation The people driving ExxonMobil’s net-zero ambition: Erik Oswald Carbon capture Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:07:26 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/community#Exploremore | 4.98 KB ===

Investing in communities | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Investing in communities Supporting people and communities around the world Navigate to: Explore more Our commitment Latest news Supporting communities STEM education Worldwide giving Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Our commitment We’re committed to being a good corporate citizen, helping to improve society and quality of life where we operate around the world. We work to protect the health, safety and security of our employees and the public, responsibly manage our socioeconomic impacts and uphold respect for human rights in all of our operations. We strive to collaborate with all stakeholders, including suppliers, customers and our workforce, to help enhance the benefits of our business to local communities. Our investments in local communities play a key role in meeting our commitments. Latest news and information Africa’s Future STEM Leaders Shine at the ExxonMobil Foundation STEM Africa Regional Finals Africa / Middle East News • 3 min read • Oct. 22, 2025 Kids’ Meals ExxonMobil Campus to serve 26, 000 meals each weekday to preschool-aged children by 2031 United States Article • 3 min read • Oct. 15, 2025 ExxonMobil contributes $650, 000 to flood relief efforts in the Texas Hill Country and Ruidoso, New Mexico United States Article • 2 min read • July 11, 2025 ExxonMobil Foundation STEM Africa program wins Local Impact Award Africa / Middle East News • 2 min read • June 6, 2025 Enable employees to reach their full potential Investing in people Report • 3 min read • April 7, 2025 View more news from ExxonMobil " We’re passionate about using our resources to help address community needs where we operate around the world. " Alvin Abraham President, ExxonMobil Foundation and Global Manager of Corporate Giving, Exxon Mobil Corporation Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Supporting communities Left Arrow Right arrow Local investments, focused on economic and educational benefits, are one of the key ways we support communities in which we operate. We work closely with local communities to understand their unique needs, identify and help contribute to long-term, positive local economic and social development, and support effective risk management. The areas below are important parts of our broader approach to supporting communities. Respecting human rights Our commitment to respecting human rights is embedded throughout our corporate policies, practices and expectations. We’re guided by the goals of universally recognized human rights principles as we identify and mitigate the potential impacts of our activities. Learn about our commitment to respecting human rights Managing socioeconomic impacts The key socioeconomic elements of our integrated approach include: identification and assessment of potential impacts and benefits; human rights; community engagement and grievance management; community health, safety and security; local economic development; land use, resettlement and livelihood restoration; cultural heritage; and Indigenous peoples. Explore our Socioeconomic Management interactive tool Learn about our integrated socioeconomic management approach Working with suppliers Our core value of Care doesn’t stop at our door. Our suppliers of goods and services all have a role to play in how we work to Protect Tomorrow. Today. Learn about how ExxonMobil works with our suppliers Community STEM education Supporting education is part of our DNA. We’re working with local educators, universities, nonprofits, and global academic leaders to build a pipeline of future engineers and scientists for companies and industries like ours. Learn more about our commitment to STEM education Worldwide giving In 2022, collectively, Exxon Mobil Corporation, its divisions and affiliates, employees and retirees, and the ExxonMobil Foundation, provided $158 million in contributions and community investments worldwide. Explore the report close LinkedIn Learn more Instagram Learn more Who we are Discover how our global legacy is helping the oil and gas company fuel the world safely using technology and innovation. Learn more about ExxonMobil's history and guiding principles Explore more Worldwide Giving Report Worldwide Giving Report Our global organization Our global organization Topic Our approach Our approach Topic Publications Publications Topic Our history Who we are Article • Feb. 9, 2023 Build a career with us and use your energy to change the world Corporate Topic Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:07:26 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/what-we-do/transforming-transportation | 4.19 KB ===

Transforming transportation | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Transforming transportation Powering the future of transportation Navigate to: High-performance sustainability High-performance sustainability Latest news Advancing motorsports Reducing emissions across all sectors Lower-emission fuels Policies and products Lithium Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top High-performance sustainability Today, transportation accounts for about 25 percent of CO 2 emissions. We offer a range of products that improve performance, durability and efficiency to drive down emissions. The vital task of reducing greenhouse gas emissions across the transportation sector requires a range of solutions. Discover the lower-emission fuel (LEF) alternatives we’re working on to help power the future of transportation. Latest news and information Superior Graphite, Superior Acquisitions for Synthetic Graphite Production News Newsroom • 2 min read • Sept. 9, 2025 Reconfiguring for growth: leveraging the strength of integration Baytown Article • 2 min read • Aug. 26, 2025 Fueling the future: Renewable diesel production begins at Strathcona Refinery Transforming transportation Article • 2 min read • Aug. 5, 2025 Optimizing to meet global demand and higher living standards Transforming transportation Article • 2 min read • April 23, 2025 Driving the automobile evolution for EVs and beyond News Article • 3 min read • Feb. 20, 2025 View more transforming transportation news from ExxonMobil Advancing motorsports ExxonMobil is a technical partner with several motorsport teams. Simply put, our fuels and lubricants help the teams win. Our partnerships enable us to test new formulations in extreme environments, which then improve the commercial products we make available for passenger vehicles. Learn more about advancing motorsports close Reducing emissions across all sectors Left Arrow Right arrow Aviation Lower emissions at high altitude: new solutions from takeoff to touchdown. Learn more Automotive Hitting the road with fewer emissions: the innovations fueling today’s products and tomorrow’s solutions. Learn more Trucking Heavy duty with a lighter CO 2 footprint: moving the world’s goods with fewer emissions. Learn more Shipping High science on the high seas: advancing new technologies for lower-emission fuels. Learn more Lower-emission fuels Lower-emission fuels (LEFs) made from renewable sources - like vegetable oils and agricultural waste - can reduce emissions from trucks and other forms of commercial transportation. Learn more about lower-emission fuels Left Arrow Right arrow Policies to advance lower-emission fuels Helping to reduce emissions in transportation Learn more close Products for today and tomorrow Continually improving performance, reliability and sustainability Learn more close Lithium Lithium is a key component of electric vehicle batteries. And to meet projected growth in EVs, the world will need a lot more of it. We're planning to become of leading supplier of lithium, using a modern process that has significantly less environmental impact than traditional mining. Learn more about lithium Explore more Left Arrow Right arrow Superior Graphite, Superior Acquisitions for Synthetic Graphite Production News 2 min read Reconfiguring for growth: leveraging the strength of integration Baytown 2 min read Fueling the future: Renewable diesel production begins at Strathcona Refinery Transforming transportation 2 min read Optimizing to meet global demand and higher living standards Transforming transportation 2 min read Driving the automobile evolution for EVs and beyond News 3 min read From lab to track: our LEFs power Red Bull KTM Factory Racing Lower-emission fuels 2 min read What we do Learn more about what we do at ExxonMobil Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:07:26 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/sustainability-and-reports/advancing-climate-solutions | 23.07 KB ===

Advancing Climate Solutions | ExxonMobil Sustainability Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Advancing Climate Solutions Navigate to: About the report About the report Explore the report Additional resources Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top 2025 ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS REPORT ExxonMobil is delivering on both sides of the “and” equation – meeting society’s needs for energy and essential products and reducing emissions. In this Advancing Climate Solutions (ACS) report, we discuss how ExxonMobil has the right tools, technologies, and people to help the world bend the curve on emissions. We highlight our work to: Reduce our own emissions and others’. Achieve our 2030 emission-intensity reduction plans. Apply our leading-edge capabilities to profitably grow our low-carbon business. Download the Advancing Climate Solutions Report Key takeaways We’re pursuing up to $30 billion in lower-emission investments 2025-2030. 1 We’re on track to meet our 2030 emission-reduction plans. We’ve built a robust business that is positioned to grow in any future. We’re proposing policy solutions that we believe will bring emissions down more effectively and efficiently. Download the Advancing Climate Solutions Executive Summary Explore the report Left Arrow Right arrow Growing Low Carbon Solutions With our expertise in molecule management, we are positioned to scale a portfolio of lower emissions energy solutions through our Low Carbon Solutions (LCS) business. Learn more close Positioned for growth in a lower-emission future ExxonMobil is a company with an unmatched combination of competitive advantages, which puts us in a unique position to help meet the world’s energy and product needs and reduce emissions – now and in the future. Learn more close Driving reductions in methane emissions We’re deploying leading-edge technology on the ground, in the air, and in space to mitigate, monitor, and measure methane emissions. Learn more close Rational and constructive policy Rational and constructive policies that encourage the full range of technologies are key to lowering global emissions and meeting society’s needs for critical products and services. Learn more close Research and development For us, research and development starts with fundamental science and engineering. It is the foundation for our work to identify and advance new technologies that, once proven, could be deployed at a commercial scale with supportive policy in place. Learn more close Approach to risk management Our Enterprise Risk Management Framework provides a comprehensive and structured approach to identify, prioritize, understand, and manage ExxonMobil’s most important risks. Learn more close Executive Summary Learn more Governance and executive compensation Learn more Metrics and data Learn more Content index Learn more Additional resource About our Advancing Climate Solutions and Sustainability Reports and Cautionary Statement Learn more Explore more Rational and constructive policy Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Research and development Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 4 min read • April 30, 2025 Metrics and data Publications Report • 8 min read • April 30, 2025 Positioned for growth in a lower-emission future Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 8 min read • April 30, 2025 Growing Low Carbon Solutions Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 8 min read • April 30, 2025 Advancing Climate Solutions Executive Summary Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 6 min read • April 30, 2025 FOOTNOTES: Lower-emissions cash capex includes cash capex attributable to carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lithium, biofuels, Proxxima™ systems, carbon materials, and activities to lower ExxonMobil’s emissions and/or third party (3P) emissions. Planned spend is from 2025-2030: . close FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS Images or statements of future ambitions, aims, aspirations, plans, goals, events, projects, projections, opportunities, expectations, performance, or conditions in the publications, including plans to reduce, abate, avoid or enable avoidance of emissions or reduce emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, business plans, and sustainability efforts are dependent on future market factors, such as customer demand, continued technological progress, stable policy support and timely rule-making or continuation of government incentives and funding, and represent forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero and similar roadmaps for emerging technologies and markets, and water management roadmaps to reduce freshwater intake and/or manage disposal, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future corporate, market or industry performance or outcomes for ExxonMobil or society and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are even unknown. Actual future results, including the achievement of ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in heritage Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030, and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives to meet ExxonMobil’s greenhouse gas emission reduction plans and goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans as well as technology advances, including in the timing and outcome of projects to capture, transport and store CO 2, produce hydrogen and ammonia, produce lower-emission fuels, produce Proxxima TM systems, produce carbon materials, produce lithium, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future debt levels and credit ratings; business and project plans, timing, costs, capacities and profitability; resource recoveries and production rates; planned Denbury and Pioneer integrated benefits; obtain data on detection, measurement and quantification of emissions including reporting of that data or updates to previous estimates and progress in sustainability focus areas could vary depending on a number of factors, including global or regional changes in oil, gas, petrochemicals, or feedstock prices, differentials, seasonal fluctuations, or other market or economic conditions affecting the oil, gas, and petrochemical industries and the demand for our products; new market products and services; future cash flows; our ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; the ability to realize efficiencies within and across our business lines; new or changing government policies for lower carbon and new market investment opportunities, or policies limiting the attractiveness of investments such as European taxes on energy and unequal support for different methods of carbon capture; developments or changes in local, national, or international treaties, laws, regulations, taxes, trade sanctions, trade tariffs, and incentives affecting our business, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, plastics, carbon storage and carbon costs; timely granting of governmental permits and certifications; uncertain impacts of deregulation on the legal and regulatory environment; evolving reporting standards for these topics and evolving measurement standards for reported data; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as electrification of operations, advanced recycling, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia production, Proxxima TM systems, carbon materials or direct lithium extraction on a commercially competitive basis; the development and competitiveness of alternative energy and emission reduction technologies; unforeseen technical or operating difficulties, including the need for unplanned maintenance; availability of feedstocks for lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, or advanced recycling; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of co-venturers competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences including willingness and ability to pay for reduced emissions products; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; timely completion of construction projects; war, civil unrest, attacks against the Company or industry, and other political or security disturbances, including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; decoupling of economies, realignment of global trade and supply chain networks, and disruptions in military alliances; and other factors discussed here and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under the heading “Factors affecting future results” available under the “Earnings” tab through the “Investors” page of our website at www. exxonmobil. com. The Advancing Climate Solutions Report includes 2024 greenhouse gas emissions performance data as of March 1, 2025, and Scope 3 Category 11 estimates for full year 2024 as of February 19, 2025. The greenhouse gas intensity and greenhouse gas emission estimates include Scope 2 market-based emissions. The Sustainability Report, the Advancing Climate Solutions Report, and corresponding Executive Summaries were issued on April 30, 2025. The content and data referenced in these publications focus primarily on our operations from Jan. 1, 2024 – Dec. 31, 2024, unless otherwise indicated. Tables on our “Metrics and data” page were updated to reflect full year 2024 data. Information regarding some known events or activities in 2025 and historical initiatives from prior years are also included. No party should place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates of these publications. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s knowledge and reasonable expectations at the time of publication. ExxonMobil assumes no duty to update these statements or materials as of any future date, and neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. See “ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS” at the end of this document for additional information on these reports and the use of non-GAAP and other financial measures. ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS The Advancing Climate Solutions Report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report are consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD. In doing so, ExxonMobil is not obligating itself to use any terms in the way defined by the TCFD or any other party, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendation of the TCFD or to provide any specific disclosure. For example, with respect to the term “material, ” individual companies are best suited to determine what information is material, under the long-standing U. S. Supreme Court definition, and whether to include this information in U. S. Securities and Exchange Act filings. In addition, the ISSB is evaluating standards that provide their interpretation of TCFD which may or may not be consistent with the current TCFD recommendations. The Sustainability Report and Advancing Climate Solutions Report are each a voluntary disclosure and are not designed to fulfill any U. S. , foreign, or third-party required reporting framework. Actions needed to advance ExxonMobil’s 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reductions plans are incorporated into its medium-term business plans, which are updated annually. The reference case for planning beyond 2030 is based on the Company’s Global Outlook research and publication. The Global Outlook is reflective of the existing global policy environment and an assumption of increasing policy stringency and technology improvement to 2050. However, the Global Outlook does not attempt to project the degree of required future policy and technology advancement and deployment for the world, or ExxonMobil, to meet net zero by 2050. As future policies and technology advancements emerge, they will be incorporated into the GIobal Outlook, and the Company’s business plans will be updated as appropriate. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by the corporation or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of stable and supportive policy, permitting, technological advancement for cost-effective abatement, insights from the Company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emission and other new investments is based on our corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, stable public policy support, other factors, and focused on returns. Energy demand modeling aims to replicate system dynamics of the global energy system, requiring simplifications. The reference to any scenario or any pathway for an energy transition, including any potential net-zero scenario, does not imply ExxonMobil views any particular scenario as likely to occur. In addition, energy demand scenarios require assumptions on a variety of parameters. As such, the outcome of any given scenario using an energy demand model comes with a high degree of uncertainty. For example, the IEA describes its NZE scenario as extremely challenging, requiring unprecedented innovation, unprecedented international cooperation, and sustained support and participation from consumers, with steeper reductions required each year since the scenario’s initial release. Third-party scenarios discussed in these reports reflect the modeling assumptions and outputs of their respective authors, not ExxonMobil, and their use or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by ExxonMobil of their underlying assumptions, likelihood, or probability. Investment decisions are made on the basis of ExxonMobil’s separate planning process but may be secondarily tested for robustness or resiliency against different assumptions, including against various scenarios. These reports contain information from third parties. ExxonMobil makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, ExxonMobil received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. ExxonMobil has also provided links in this report to third-party websites for ease of reference. ExxonMobil’s use of the third-party content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information. ExxonMobil reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) manual. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI and the selection of the data reported. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions, abatements and enabled avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to estimate, detect, measure, and address emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. Any reference to ExxonMobil’s support of, work with, or collaboration with a third-party organization within these publications do not constitute or imply an endorsement by ExxonMobil of any or all of the positions or activities of such organization. ExxonMobil participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, projects, groups, trade organizations, and other collaborations among industry and through organizations like the United Nations that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions, sustainability, and the energy transition. ExxonMobil’s participation or membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee that ExxonMobil’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond ExxonMobil’s control, including government regulation, availability and cost-effectiveness of technologies, and market forces and other risks and uncertainties. Such third parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and goals frequently diverge from ExxonMobil’s own ambitions, plans, goals, and commitments. ExxonMobil will continue to make independent decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its climate-related and sustainability-related ambitions, plans, goals, commitments, and investments. ExxonMobil’s future ambitions, goals and commitments reflect ExxonMobil’s current plans, and ExxonMobil may unilaterally change them for various reasons, including adoption of new reporting standards or practices, market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. References to “resources, ” “resource base, ” “recoverable resources” and similar terms refer to the total remaining estimated quantities of oil and natural gas that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The resource base includes quantities of oil and natural gas classified as proved reserves, as well as quantities that are not yet classified as proved reserves, but that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The term “resource base” is not intended to correspond to SEC definitions such as “probable” or “possible” reserves. For additional information, see the “Frequently Used Terms” on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www. exxonmobil. com under the header “Modeling Toolkit. ” References to “oil” and “gas” include crude, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. The term “project” as used in these publications can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso, and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we, ” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. These publications cover Exxon Mobil Corporation’s owned and operated businesses and do not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which ExxonMobil is the operator, we often exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy of these joint ventures may differ from those in these reports. At the time of publication, ExxonMobil has completed the acquisitions of Denbury Inc. and Pioneer Natural Resources Company. These reports and the data therein do not speak of these companies’ pre-acquisition governance, risk management, strategy approaches, or emissions or sustainability performance unless specifically referenced. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION FOR NON-GAAP AND OTHER MEASURES The Positioned for Growth in a Lower-Emission Future section of the Advancing Climate Solutions Report mentions modeled operating cash flow in comparing different businesses over time in a future scenario. Historic operating cash flow is defined as net income, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization for consolidated and equity companies, plus noncash adjustments related to asset retirement obligations plus proceeds from asset sales. The Company’s long-term portfolio modeling estimates operating cash flow as revenue or margins less cash expenses, taxes and abandonment expenditures plus proceeds from asset sales before portfolio capital expenditures. The Company believes this measure can be helpful in assessing the resiliency of the business to generate cash from different potential future markets. The performance data presented in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report and Sustainability Report, including on emissions, is not financial data and is not GAAP data. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:07:27 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/news/news-releases | 2.95 KB ===

News releases | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Newsroom News releases Stay up to date with the latest news from ExxonMobil. Members of the media can click here for a list of our global in-country media relations contacts. selected item All news releases ExxonMobil announces third-quarter 2025 results SPRING, Texas – October 31, 2025 – Exxon Mobil Corporation today announced third-quarter 2025 earnings of $7. 5 billion, or $1. 76 per share assuming dilution. Cash flow from operating activities was $14. 8 billion and free cash flow was $6. 3 billion. Shareholder distributions totaled $9. 4 billion, including $4. 2 billion of dividends and $5. 1 billion of share repurchases, consistent with the company's announced plans. Investors News releases • 8 min read • Oct. 31, 2025 Bacalhau online: ExxonMobil begins first deepwater production in Brazil Bacalhau delivers ExxonMobil’s first upstream production in Brazil after 110 years in the market. Phase 1 unlocks over 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent with 220, 000 barrels per day capacity. Brazil’s energy sector gains momentum as ExxonMobil deepens its global deepwater footprint. Brazil News releases • 2 min read • Oct. 16, 2025 ExxonMobil Guyana expands capacity with seventh offshore development Hammerhead project receives government approvals; production expected to begin in 2029. Seventh Stabroek block development will have the capacity to produce approximately 150, 000 barrels of oil per day (bopd), bringing total installed capacity on the block to 1. 5 million bopd. US$6. 8 billion of additional investment in Guyana’s growing economy. Guyana News releases • 3 min read • Sept. 22, 2025 ExxonMobil Guyana begins production at fourth offshore Guyana project Yellowtail brings Guyana’s total installed capacity to above 900, 000 barrels of oil per day (bopd). Largest Guyana development to date with an initial annual average production of 250, 000 bopd. Startup achieved four months ahead of schedule, demonstrating industry-leading project execution. Guyana News releases • 3 min read • Aug. 8, 2025 ExxonMobil announces second-quarter 2025 results SPRING, Texas – August 1, 2025 – Exxon Mobil Corporation today announced second-quarter 2025 earnings of $7. 1 billion, or $1. 64 per share assuming dilution. Cash flow from operating activities was $11. 5 billion and free cash flow was $5. 4 billion. Shareholder distributions totaled $9. 2 billion, including $4. 3 billion of dividends and $5. 0 billion of share repurchases, consistent with the company's announced plans. Investors News releases • 8 min read • Aug. 1, 2025 Load More Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:07:27 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/sustainability-and-reports | 4.25 KB ===

Sustainability and reports | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Publications Newsroom Newsroom Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Creating sustainable solutions that improve quality of life and meet society’s evolving needs. We’ve brought all our publications together into one easy-to-navigate location. Our Global Outlook is our latest view of energy demand and supply dynamics through 2050, underpinned by a deep understanding of long-term fundamentals. It forms the basis for our business planning and the two other reports. Our Sustainability Report describes our approach to managing our operations and our commitment to carry out our business activities the right way, for the long term. Our Advancing Climate Solutions Report describes what we are doing to tackle the challenge of meeting society’s need for energy while reducing greenhouse gas emissions and growing long-term value. Our Advocacy Report outlines our approach to advocating for key policy priorities and assesses our external memberships on climate-related policies. Our Worldwide Giving Report provides key information on global community investments focused on STEM education, improved quality of life and local economic development made by the Exxon Mobil Corporation, its divisions, affiliates, employees, retirees, and the ExxonMobil Foundation. Our Investing in People report shares our approach to talent – attracting and developing the best and fostering an environment where employees can thrive and reach their full potential. I think every piece of this business is exciting. The way that we approach our business, the ethics that we bring, the standards that we hold ourselves to … we do things the right way for the right reasons, and I love that about our company. Darren Woods CEO, ExxonMobil Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Left Arrow Right arrow Global Outlook Our latest view of demand and supply dynamics for our industry through 2050. Explore our Global Outlook close Advancing Climate Solutions Our resolve to drive meaningful emission reductions, the results we’re delivering, and the resiliency of our plans under a wide range of future scenarios. Explore the ACS Report close Sustainability Report Our approach to managing our business to create value for our stakeholders, not just for the next quarter or the next year, but for the long run. Explore our Sustainability Report close Advocacy Report Our approach to advocating for key policy priorities and assesses our external memberships on climate-related policies. Explore the Advocacy Report close Worldwide Giving Report Key information on global community investments focused on STEM education, health care and economic development. Explore our Worldwide Giving Report close Investing in People Our approach to talent – attracting and developing the best and fostering an environment where employees can thrive and reach their full potential. Explore our Investing in People report close About our "Sustainability and reports" and legal information Learn more Metrics and data Learn more Explore more Left Arrow Right arrow Annual report Review corporate performance data, learn about our business model, read about our outlook for the energy industry, meet our management committee and more. Explore the Annual report Investing in people We continually work to meet the changing needs of our customers and stakeholders which has been key to creating long-term shareholder value and critical to our continued success. Learn more about how we are investing in people Worldwide giving Our community investments are intended to address strategic local priorities where we do business around the world. Explore the Worldwide giving report Newsroom Stay up to date with the latest news and information Visit the Newsroom Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:07:35 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/corporate-governance | 2.39 KB ===

Corporate governance | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Exxon Mobil Corporation Corporate governance Navigate to: Corporate governance Corporate governance Climate risk and sustainability Contact our directors Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Exxon Mobil Corporation Good corporate governance creates a business environment conducive to long-term growth. ExxonMobil employs a variety of policies and processes to uphold high ethical standards and promote transparency. Our efforts are underpinned by a board of directors that provides strategic and independent oversight of our corporation’s affairs. Left Arrow Right arrow Board of directors Learn more close Corporate and affiliate officers Learn more close Management committee Learn more close Code of ethics Learn more close Certificate of incorporation and by-laws Learn more close Guidelines and additional policies Learn more close Climate risk and sustainability Left Arrow Right arrow Our approach to sustainability Governance We have a robust governance framework designed to identify, manage, and oversee risks and opportunities associated with our business. This enables our Board of Directors and management to effectively exercise oversight responsibilities. We employ a variety of policies and processes to uphold high ethical standards and promote transparency. Learn more Our approach to advancing climate Solutions We are focused on five strategic priorities to create sustainable solutions that improve quality of life and meet society’s evolving needs. Our strategy calls for us to maximize the advantages of our scale, business integration, leading technology, functional excellence, and our people to build globally competitive businesses that lead industry in earnings and cash flow growth across a range of future scenarios. Learn more Contact Directors This form provides a method for interested parties to communicate directly with the non-employee directors of the corporation. Fill out form Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:07:41 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/sustainability-and-reports/sustainability/safeguarding-people | 21.33 KB ===

Safeguarding People | ExxonMobil Sustainability Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Safeguarding people Navigate to: Our approach Our approach More information Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top We are committed to being a good corporate citizen in the places we operate worldwide. We work to safeguard the health and security of our employees and the public, responsibly manage our social impacts, and uphold respect for human rights in our operations. We also strive to create effective collaborations with stakeholders — our workforce, suppliers and customers, and the communities around the world where we operate. Left Arrow Right arrow Leading in personnel safety We aspire to a working environment where Nobody Gets Hurt. We are committed to protecting the safety, security, and health of our employees, our contractors, and others involved with our operations, as well as our customers and the public. Learn more close Enhancing process safety Our objective is to help protect our people, communities, and the environment by successfully managing and enhancing process safety. The primary purpose of process safety is to keep hydrocarbons, chemicals, and process water controlled and safely managed through all phases of our operations. Learn more close Respecting human rights We are unwavering in our commitment to respecting human rights, guided by the goals of universally recognized human rights principles, as a core principle in our operations. Learn more close Executive Summary Sustainability Report Advancing Climate Solutions Governance and executive compensation Learn more Metrics and data Learn more Content index Learn more Publications Explore the reports Explore more Sustainability Report Sustainability Expanding the plastics life cycle Sustainability Report • 3 min read Rational and constructive policy Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 5 min read Research and development Advancing Climate Solutions Report • 4 min read Integrating sustainability into what we do Sustainability Report • 5 min read Working with suppliers Sustainability Report close FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS Images or statements of future ambitions, aims, aspirations, plans, goals, events, projects, projections, opportunities, expectations, performance, or conditions in the publications, including plans to reduce, abate, avoid or enable avoidance of emissions or reduce emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, business plans, and sustainability efforts are dependent on future market factors, such as customer demand, continued technological progress, stable policy support and timely rule-making or continuation of government incentives and funding, and represent forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero and similar roadmaps for emerging technologies and markets, and water management roadmaps to reduce freshwater intake and/or manage disposal, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future corporate, market or industry performance or outcomes for ExxonMobil or society and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are even unknown. Actual future results, including the achievement of ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in heritage Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030, and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives to meet ExxonMobil’s greenhouse gas emission reduction plans and goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans as well as technology advances, including in the timing and outcome of projects to capture, transport and store CO 2, produce hydrogen and ammonia, produce lower-emission fuels, produce Proxxima TM systems, produce carbon materials, produce lithium, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future debt levels and credit ratings; business and project plans, timing, costs, capacities and profitability; resource recoveries and production rates; planned Denbury and Pioneer integrated benefits; obtain data on detection, measurement and quantification of emissions including reporting of that data or updates to previous estimates and progress in sustainability focus areas could vary depending on a number of factors, including global or regional changes in oil, gas, petrochemicals, or feedstock prices, differentials, seasonal fluctuations, or other market or economic conditions affecting the oil, gas, and petrochemical industries and the demand for our products; new market products and services; future cash flows; our ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; the ability to realize efficiencies within and across our business lines; new or changing government policies for lower carbon and new market investment opportunities, or policies limiting the attractiveness of investments such as European taxes on energy and unequal support for different methods of carbon capture; developments or changes in local, national, or international treaties, laws, regulations, taxes, trade sanctions, trade tariffs, and incentives affecting our business, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, plastics, carbon storage and carbon costs; timely granting of governmental permits and certifications; uncertain impacts of deregulation on the legal and regulatory environment; evolving reporting standards for these topics and evolving measurement standards for reported data; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as electrification of operations, advanced recycling, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia production, Proxxima TM systems, carbon materials or direct lithium extraction on a commercially competitive basis; the development and competitiveness of alternative energy and emission reduction technologies; unforeseen technical or operating difficulties, including the need for unplanned maintenance; availability of feedstocks for lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, or advanced recycling; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of co-venturers competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences including willingness and ability to pay for reduced emissions products; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; timely completion of construction projects; war, civil unrest, attacks against the Company or industry, and other political or security disturbances, including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; decoupling of economies, realignment of global trade and supply chain networks, and disruptions in military alliances; and other factors discussed here and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under the heading “Factors affecting future results” available under the “Earnings” tab through the “Investors” page of our website at www. exxonmobil. com. The Advancing Climate Solutions Report includes 2024 greenhouse gas emissions performance data as of March 1, 2025, and Scope 3 Category 11 estimates for full year 2024 as of February 19, 2025. The greenhouse gas intensity and greenhouse gas emission estimates include Scope 2 market-based emissions. The Sustainability Report, the Advancing Climate Solutions Report, and corresponding Executive Summaries were issued on April 30, 2025. The content and data referenced in these publications focus primarily on our operations from Jan. 1, 2024 – Dec. 31, 2024, unless otherwise indicated. Tables on our “Metrics and data” page were updated to reflect full year 2024 data. Information regarding some known events or activities in 2025 and historical initiatives from prior years are also included. No party should place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates of these publications. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s knowledge and reasonable expectations at the time of publication. ExxonMobil assumes no duty to update these statements or materials as of any future date, and neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. See “ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS” at the end of this document for additional information on these reports and the use of non-GAAP and other financial measures. ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS The Advancing Climate Solutions Report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report are consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD. In doing so, ExxonMobil is not obligating itself to use any terms in the way defined by the TCFD or any other party, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendation of the TCFD or to provide any specific disclosure. For example, with respect to the term “material, ” individual companies are best suited to determine what information is material, under the long-standing U. S. Supreme Court definition, and whether to include this information in U. S. Securities and Exchange Act filings. In addition, the ISSB is evaluating standards that provide their interpretation of TCFD which may or may not be consistent with the current TCFD recommendations. The Sustainability Report and Advancing Climate Solutions Report are each a voluntary disclosure and are not designed to fulfill any U. S. , foreign, or third-party required reporting framework. Actions needed to advance ExxonMobil’s 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reductions plans are incorporated into its medium-term business plans, which are updated annually. The reference case for planning beyond 2030 is based on the Company’s Global Outlook research and publication. The Global Outlook is reflective of the existing global policy environment and an assumption of increasing policy stringency and technology improvement to 2050. However, the Global Outlook does not attempt to project the degree of required future policy and technology advancement and deployment for the world, or ExxonMobil, to meet net zero by 2050. As future policies and technology advancements emerge, they will be incorporated into the GIobal Outlook, and the Company’s business plans will be updated as appropriate. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by the corporation or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of stable and supportive policy, permitting, technological advancement for cost-effective abatement, insights from the Company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emission and other new investments is based on our corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, stable public policy support, other factors, and focused on returns. Energy demand modeling aims to replicate system dynamics of the global energy system, requiring simplifications. The reference to any scenario or any pathway for an energy transition, including any potential net-zero scenario, does not imply ExxonMobil views any particular scenario as likely to occur. In addition, energy demand scenarios require assumptions on a variety of parameters. As such, the outcome of any given scenario using an energy demand model comes with a high degree of uncertainty. For example, the IEA describes its NZE scenario as extremely challenging, requiring unprecedented innovation, unprecedented international cooperation, and sustained support and participation from consumers, with steeper reductions required each year since the scenario’s initial release. Third-party scenarios discussed in these reports reflect the modeling assumptions and outputs of their respective authors, not ExxonMobil, and their use or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by ExxonMobil of their underlying assumptions, likelihood, or probability. Investment decisions are made on the basis of ExxonMobil’s separate planning process but may be secondarily tested for robustness or resiliency against different assumptions, including against various scenarios. These reports contain information from third parties. ExxonMobil makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, ExxonMobil received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. ExxonMobil has also provided links in this report to third-party websites for ease of reference. ExxonMobil’s use of the third-party content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information. ExxonMobil reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) manual. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI and the selection of the data reported. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions, abatements and enabled avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to estimate, detect, measure, and address emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. Any reference to ExxonMobil’s support of, work with, or collaboration with a third-party organization within these publications do not constitute or imply an endorsement by ExxonMobil of any or all of the positions or activities of such organization. ExxonMobil participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, projects, groups, trade organizations, and other collaborations among industry and through organizations like the United Nations that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions, sustainability, and the energy transition. ExxonMobil’s participation or membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee that ExxonMobil’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond ExxonMobil’s control, including government regulation, availability and cost-effectiveness of technologies, and market forces and other risks and uncertainties. Such third parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and goals frequently diverge from ExxonMobil’s own ambitions, plans, goals, and commitments. ExxonMobil will continue to make independent decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its climate-related and sustainability-related ambitions, plans, goals, commitments, and investments. ExxonMobil’s future ambitions, goals and commitments reflect ExxonMobil’s current plans, and ExxonMobil may unilaterally change them for various reasons, including adoption of new reporting standards or practices, market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. References to “resources, ” “resource base, ” “recoverable resources” and similar terms refer to the total remaining estimated quantities of oil and natural gas that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The resource base includes quantities of oil and natural gas classified as proved reserves, as well as quantities that are not yet classified as proved reserves, but that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The term “resource base” is not intended to correspond to SEC definitions such as “probable” or “possible” reserves. For additional information, see the “Frequently Used Terms” on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www. exxonmobil. com under the header “Modeling Toolkit. ” References to “oil” and “gas” include crude, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. The term “project” as used in these publications can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso, and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we, ” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. These publications cover Exxon Mobil Corporation’s owned and operated businesses and do not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which ExxonMobil is the operator, we often exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy of these joint ventures may differ from those in these reports. At the time of publication, ExxonMobil has completed the acquisitions of Denbury Inc. and Pioneer Natural Resources Company. These reports and the data therein do not speak of these companies’ pre-acquisition governance, risk management, strategy approaches, or emissions or sustainability performance unless specifically referenced. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION FOR NON-GAAP AND OTHER MEASURES The Positioned for Growth in a Lower-Emission Future section of the Advancing Climate Solutions Report mentions modeled operating cash flow in comparing different businesses over time in a future scenario. Historic operating cash flow is defined as net income, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization for consolidated and equity companies, plus noncash adjustments related to asset retirement obligations plus proceeds from asset sales. The Company’s long-term portfolio modeling estimates operating cash flow as revenue or margins less cash expenses, taxes and abandonment expenditures plus proceeds from asset sales before portfolio capital expenditures. The Company believes this measure can be helpful in assessing the resiliency of the business to generate cash from different potential future markets. The performance data presented in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report and Sustainability Report, including on emissions, is not financial data and is not GAAP data. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:09:53 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/who-we-are/policy/exxonmobil-advocacy-report | 5.09 KB ===

Advocacy: Policy & Lobbying Priorities | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications ExxonMobil Advocacy Report Navigate to: Key takeaways Key takeaways Explore the Advocacy Report Explore more Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top ExxonMobil supports policies that support the energy industry. We represent our shareholders, employees, customers, and communities in public policy. Our principles are consistent with our efforts to help solve the “and" equation – meeting global demand for energy products and helping society reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We share our policy positions clearly through various channels, guiding our lobbying efforts. Explore our report to learn about our main lobbying priorities. Explore the report Key takeaways Corporations and interest groups spent $5 billion in 2023 on lobbying. ExxonMobil’s total spend represents less than one quarter of 1% of that amount. ExxonMobil exceeds transparency requirements, providing details on our federal and state lobbying expenditures, political giving and trade association memberships. ExxonMobil advocates for a variety of emissions reductions policies including support for carbon capture and storage (CCS) and hydrogen, methane regulations, carbon intensity-based fuel standards, and more. In 2023, we assessed 65 organizations, including 10 new ones, for alignment on emissions reductions and energy security policies. We found 3 organizations partially misaligned – and one misaligned. Left Arrow Right arrow Driving a lower-emission future Experts agree that certain lower-emission technologies are crucial – even under a multitude of transition pathways – including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, electrification, and lower-emission fuels, among others. ExxonMobil supports policies that promote and regulate these technologies. Learn more close ExxonMobil’s advocacy for carbon capture and storage policies ExxonMobil strongly supports policies that advance the research, development, and deployment of carbon capture and storage (CCS) technologies and advocates for policies that encourage the use of CCS. Learn more close ExxonMobil’s advocacy for advanced recycling in Europe ExxonMobil supports advanced recycling, often called chemical recycling, as a vital solution alongside traditional recycling methods. Learn more close ExxonMobil’s advocacy efforts The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) introduced new climate-related policies in the U. S. that aim to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by seeking to incentivize a lower-carbon economy. Learn more close Explore the Advocacy report Introduction Learn about the U. S. lobbying landscape and transparency. Advocacy Report Report • 5 min read About the report Learn about Exxon Mobil’s advocacy efforts, lobbying activities, and policy principles in our detailed report on public policy engagement. Advocacy Report Report • 3 min read Positions and principles Explore ExxonMobil’s advocacy positions and principles for driving a lower-emission future through innovative technologies and sustainable policies. Advocacy Report Report • 4 min read Trade associations Explore ExxonMobil’s alignment with trade associations to promote informed dialogue and sound public policy on priority issues. Advocacy Report Report • 4 min read Assessment methodology and results Discover ExxonMobil’s methodology for assessing advocacy alignment with energy security and net-zero goals. Advocacy Report Report • 5 min read Direct lobbying activities Explore ExxonMobil’s direct lobbying activities and expenditures, including federal, state, and grassroots lobbying efforts. Advocacy Report Report • 2 min read Federal Lobbying Explore ExxonMobil’s federal lobbying activities and public disclosures. Advocacy Report Report • 4 min read State lobbying Explore ExxonMobil’s state lobbying activities and expenditures. Advocacy Report Report • 4 min read Grassroots lobbying communications Learn about ExxonMobil’s grassroots lobbying activities. Advocacy Report Report • 2 min read Trade associations, think tanks, and coalitions Review ExxonMobil’s lobbying expenditures through trade associations, think tanks, and coalitions, including detailed reports on key policy issues and advocacy efforts. Advocacy Report Report • 4 min read ExxonMobil political activity reports Explore ExxonMobil’s political activities and lobbying reports. Advocacy Report Report • 3 min read 2023 Advocacy Report Advocacy Report Report Publications Explore the reports Explore more Newsroom News Topic Corporate governance Corporate governance Topic Investor relations Investors Topic Investing in people Investing in people Report Policy Corporate Topic Our approach Our approach Topic Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:09:53 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/sustainability-and-reports/sustainability/integrating-sustainability-into-what-we-do#footnote | 42.42 KB ===

Integrating sustainability into what we do | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Navigate to: Our Standards of Business Conduct Our Standards of Business Conduct We are ExxonMobil leadership culture ExxonMobil’s core values Our sustainability focus areas Topic selection process Supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Communicating progress Our systems, expectations, and standards Stakeholder engagement Engaging with shareholders 2024 engagement highlights Engaging with governments U. S. lobbying expenses Political contributions Transparency in payments to governments Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Sustainability Report 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Integrating sustainability into what we do How we achieve our strategic priorities is as important as the results. Our directors, officers, and employees are expected to observe the highest standards of integrity. Report 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Our Standards of Business Conduct We are ExxonMobil leadership culture ExxonMobil’s core values Our sustainability focus areas Topic selection process Supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Communicating progress Our systems, expectations, and standards Stakeholder engagement Engaging with shareholders 2024 engagement highlights Engaging with governments U. S. lobbying expenses Political contributions Transparency in payments to governments Our Standards of Business Conduct Our Standards of Business Conduct include what we call “foundation policies” defining the basis of our conduct worldwide. The Board of Directors has adopted and oversees the administration of the Standards, and no one at ExxonMobil can make exceptions or grant waivers to these policies. Our foundation policies cover aspects of the environment, health, safety, product safety, customer relations, equal employment opportunity, harassment in the workplace, and more. They also define ethical conduct for our company, which includes our values on important matters like human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption. Our Standards of Business Conduct are a key part of onboarding new employees, and they are reinforced with employees annually. Wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries of Exxon Mobil Corporation generally adopt policies similar to our corporate standards. Our directors, officers, and employees are required to review these policies annually and apply them in their work. Employees are regularly required to complete business practices training. And, of course, we require all employees, officers, directors, and those working on our behalf to comply with all applicable laws. Employees in relevant job functions receive training on antitrust, anti-corruption, and trade laws (including anti-boycott, trade sanctions, and export controls topics) on an annual or biennial basis. ExxonMobil-specific and other relevant training is shared with contractors if required to perform contracted services. In 2024, more than 17, 500 employees and contractors participated in relevant training. Corporate governance Our Board of Directors oversees our strategy, providing strong corporate governance and guidance to management. Read more We are ExxonMobil leadership culture The strength of our culture is foundational to our success. The We are ExxonMobil culture framework encompasses our core values and leadership expectations. This framework also outlines key behavioral skills that apply to all employees. Our culture is built on a strong focus on leadership and key talent systems, including performance assessments, on-the-job experience, and formal training. Through our partnership with the University of Michigan and the University of North Carolina, our leadership programs are designed to help our leaders connect We are ExxonMobil with our strategic priorities and unlock the collective potential of our employees. Nearly half of eligible leaders have participated, with more to come. ExxonMobil’s core values Integrity is first among our core values for a reason. It underpins our dedication to uphold the highest ethical standards and to do what’s right in all aspects of our business. We encourage employees and contractors to ask questions and voice concerns, and we insist that alleged violations of company policies be reported. Our open-door communication procedures provide formal and informal mechanisms for employee feedback, including both a mailing address and 24-hour hotline for anonymous reports, among other options. Maintaining confidentiality to the extent possible is critical, and we have protections in place to prevent retaliation. In addition, our supplier communications letter provides mechanisms, including phone numbers by region, for feedback from suppliers. A quarterly summary of reports of suspected violations of the Company’s policies is provided to the Board’s Audit Committee. This committee consists of four independent (i. e. , non-employee) directors who help the Board in overseeing financial reporting, accounting, and internal controls. This includes legal and regulatory compliance, as well as compliance with company policy. Confirmed violations can lead to disciplinary actions, up to and including termination. Regular internal audits and self-assessments help us verify the strength of our control systems and adherence to our Standards of Business Conduct. Our team of internal auditors has access to all operations, records, personnel, and properties. They review our activities and processes on an ongoing basis, and suspected noncompliance is investigated. Additional resources Standards of Business Conduct Procedures and open-door communications Proxy Statement Our sustainability focus areas Our 14 Sustainability Focus Areas were developed by analyzing our environmental and social impacts, business strategies, current events, and internal and external stakeholders’ priorities. We believe these focus areas are most important to both our company and society. We develop strategies, allocate resources, and execute plans to address risks and opportunities within each of them. Topic selection process The findings of our topic selection process inform the development of this Sustainability Report. Ipieca is the “global oil and gas association for advancing environmental and social performance across the energy transition. ” 1 It refers to important topics as those that, in the view of a company’s management and external parties, have the potential to significantly affect a company’s sustainability performance and stakeholder awareness, assessments, or decisions. 2 In 2024, we engaged a third party to refresh our topic selection in line with the Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) developed by Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute, and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers, reaffirming the importance of the topics discussed in this report. To select our topics, we also analyze peer and industry reporting, regulations, and media to gain data-driven insights into strategic, regulatory, and reputational risks and opportunities. Inputs include: Peer benchmarking Review of leading sustainability frameworks – including those published by the Global Reporting Initiative, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and Ipieca Regulatory guidance Third-party research Internal and external stakeholder engagement Our Global Operations and Sustainability leadership reviews and validates the results of this topic selection process. Supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals The United Nations has adopted the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to achieve progress on global economic, social, and environmental challenges. The goals are directed at governments, but the private sector and civil society play an important role in supporting national plans. We support governments’ efforts to meet the SDGs. For example, our corporate strategy directly supports progress toward SDG 7, “Affordable and Clean Energy. ” To meet the UN’s goal to “end poverty in all its forms everywhere, ” providing for basic energy needs is a must. As described in our Global Outlook, about 4 billion around the world live below what we call the “modern energy minimum” of 50 million British thermal units per capita per year. When a nation meets the modern energy minimum, it can: Provide universal access to clean cooking. Provide universal access to electricity. Eliminate abject poverty. As we continue to help supply the energy products the world needs, we also support progress toward SDG 13, “Climate Action. ” Reducing emissions is the other half of our “and” equation. We’re pursuing up to $30 billion in lower-emission investments from 2025 through 2030 – with about 65% focused on reducing emissions for third parties. 3 This investment also supports our 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reduction plans. 4 ExxonMobil Product Solutions supports progress toward SDG 12, ”Responsible Consumption and Production” by providing the plastics that make modern life possible. Our customers use our materials for applications in healthcare and medical equipment, agriculture, food and beverage, and other critical areas. We are advancing infrastructure and technology for collecting, sorting, and processing discarded plastics. In 2024, we announced a $200 million investment to expand our advanced recycling capacity to 500 million pounds – that’s the weight of about 25 Eiffel Towers. Advanced recycling allows for a substantially broader range of plastic waste to be recycled back into high-value raw materials versus conventional recycling. Communicating progress Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance Limited provided reasonable-level assurance for the processes we used to report on Ipieca’s core elements of safety, health and environment in our Sustainability Report. In addition to our Sustainability Report, we publish comprehensive reports to provide insight into how we create value through our integrated businesses and how we manage associated risks, opportunities, and impacts. Global Outlook Advancing Climate Solutions Report Annual Report Investing in People Worldwide Giving Report Advocacy Report Our systems, expectations, and standards We have built an organizational and governance structure around our focus areas to ensure top-to-bottom and bottom-to-top alignment. Our objectives and strategies ensure a consistent approach across the company, while empowering our business lines to take action and advance our sustainability priorities. Across our global operations, we apply rigorous management systems to identify, track, and report performance metrics. These systems help us comply with applicable laws and regulations and provide a framework for maintaining high standards, even where laws or regulations don’t exist. Our Operations Integrity Management System (OIMS) establishes expectations, protocols, and guidance that apply across all our operations to address risks inherent to our business, including environmental risks. Each element of OIMS contains overarching objectives, specific expectations, and detailed processes for implementation. The OIMS framework is applied across ExxonMobil, and we monitor the performance of our operated and non-operated assets (e. g. , joint ventures) against OIMS expectations. Key systems and standards include: Controls Integrity Management System (CIMS): The CIMS is used to assess and measure financial control risks, identify mitigation procedures, monitor compliance with standards, and report results. Environmental Aspects Guide (EAG): This guide establishes a consistent approach to identify, evaluate, and assess environmental and socioeconomic risks. Environmental Business Plans: These plans address environmental objectives as part of the annual business cycle using a corporate-wide framework. Environmental Data Management System (EDMS): The EDMS is used to collect, collate, and consolidate site-level data at the corporate level to help manage environmental performance indicators globally. Environmental, Socioeconomic, and Health Impact Assessment (ESHIA): These assessments enable us to identify and analyze key environmental, socioeconomic, and health risks and to develop management strategies throughout an asset’s life cycle. ExxonMobil Capital Projects Management System (EMCAPS): EMCAPS provides a framework for project development and execution and helps account for environmental and socioeconomic concerns, as well as regulatory requirements. Global Energy Management System: This system identifies opportunities to improve energy efficiency and reduce greenhouse gas emissions intensity in downstream and chemical operations. IMPACT: This corporate-wide database captures and analyzes safety and environmental data on incidents, near-misses, observations, assessment findings, lessons learned, and follow-up activities. National Content Guidelines, Strategies, and Best Practices: This document outlines the key elements of our national content strategy and plan, models and tools for the successful development of national content, and roles and responsibilities at the corporate, country, and project levels. Product Stewardship Information Management System (PSIMS): This system applies common global processes and a global computer system to capture and communicate information on the safe handling, transport, use, and disposal of our products. Project Environmental Standards (PES): These standards identify applicable company environmental and socioeconomic standards for affected new projects. Technology Management System: This system includes processes for technology investments that follow a gated management system from early technical innovation to final deployment. Additional resources Management systems, standards and controls Standards of Business Conduct Stakeholder engagement We work to foster mutual understanding, trust, and cooperation with many different stakeholder groups. Through open dialogue, we’re able to gather feedback, hear concerns, discuss approaches, share our plans, and tailor our approach to best understand and address individual perspectives and needs. Stakeholder groups include: Shareholders Governments Communities Customers Employees Suppliers Academia Nongovernmental organizations Trade associations and industry groups Engagement methods include: Community meetings Open-door communications Digital and social media Corporate publications Direct mail communications Participation in local organizations, trade associations, and other groups One-on-one or group discussions Two-way engagement topics include: Technical aspects of projects Community benefits and opportunities Potential impacts to the environment and community Local concerns Public policy development Project development progress Market-based approaches to sustainability matters Policy insights Safety, environmental, and human rights practices Engaging with shareholders Ongoing engagement with our shareholders is vitally important as we seek to understand their diverse perspectives and keep them informed about our business. We engage with shareholders and their representatives on a range of issues throughout the year. 2024 engagement highlights In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee has procedures for shareholders and others to reach out to Board members. Individuals can email our non-employee directors through our website. All communications are recorded by an assistant secretary or designated staff member and forwarded to the appropriate director or directors, or otherwise handled as the Committee directs. Our engagements can often address areas of interest without the need for formal shareholder proposals. Each year, shareholders or their proxies submit proposals as allowed by SEC Rule 14a-8. Company management and the Board consider each proposal, and the company seeks a dialogue with the proposal sponsor. At the 2024 annual meeting, shareholders owning more than 3. 3 billion outstanding shares, or approximately 84%, were represented. In 2024, shareholders voted on 7 issues, including 4 shareholder proposals. More information on the voting outcomes can be found in the 2024 proxy voting results. Corporate governance 2024 Proxy Statement 2024 Proxy Results Engaging with governments Policy decisions made at all levels of government can affect our operations, now and in the future. We actively participate in discussions around the world to support policies that promote economic growth, stable investment for long-term business viability, energy security, and the development and acceleration of lower-emission solutions. We focus on rational and constructive policy that reflects the “and” equation – growing the supply of affordable and reliable energy products that improve living standards around the world and supporting scalable development and deployment of lower- and zero-greenhouse gas emission technologies. Such policies can further encourage investments in lower-emission technologies to advance the energy transition at the lowest cost to society. ExxonMobil’s positions on climate, including its 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reduction plans 5, are available on our website and in our Advancing Climate Solutions Report, along with our annual proxy statement, press releases, and the Exxchange, our online advocacy hub. Our lobbying and political contributions are aligned with these positions. Positions and principles Advocacy Report Advancing Climate Solutions Report Proxy Statement Press releases Exxchange U. S. lobbying expenses ExxonMobil undertakes lobbying to advocate for our positions on issues that affect our company, the energy industry, and overall competitive free markets. We have a responsibility to our shareholders, employees, customers, and communities to represent their interests in public policy discussions that are related to our industry and impact our business. We have a rigorous process to determine which public policy issues are important to the company. This process includes soliciting input from internal business lines, Low Carbon Solutions, Upstream, and Product Solutions, as well as corporate departments including strategic planning, human resources, law, tax, and public and government affairs. We also engage with a wide range of third parties – both individuals and organizations – to ensure external perspectives are considered. Our Advocacy Report provides additional detail of our direct and indirect climate-related lobbying activities at the federal, state and local level, as well as our grassroots lobbying communications. In addition, the report provides all lobbying expenses that have been reported to us by all 501(c)(6) and 501(c)(4) organizations that we support. This includes more than 100 organizations and 100% of the lobbying expenses incurred, as well as the issues lobbied. It also provides an assessment of ExxonMobil and its affiliates’ climate-related lobbying activities in relevant trade associations. We fully comply with federal and state regulations by reporting federal lobbying to the U. S. Congress and state-level lobbying to appropriate entities, as required. We also publicly report, on a quarterly basis, our federal lobbying expenses and the specific issues lobbied. The total figure reported in our public Lobbying Disclosure Act filings includes expenses associated with the costs of employee federal lobbying, as well as those portions of payments to trade associations, coalitions, and think tanks spent on federal lobbying. This process, along with the oversight of our lobbying and political engagement, can be found on our website. Advocacy Report Political contributions The Board of Directors has authorized ExxonMobil to make political contributions to candidate committees and other political organizations as permitted by applicable laws. The Board annually reviews our political contributions, as well as contributions from the company-sponsored Political Action Committee (PAC). Internal audits of the corporation’s public and government affairs activities routinely verify contribution amounts. As a U. S. federal contractor, ExxonMobil has not used corporate treasury funds to support any federal candidates, national political parties, or other political committees, including Super Political Action Committees. ExxonMobil has chosen not to use treasury funds or PAC funds for direct independent political expenditures at the federal level, including electioneering communications. 6 Eligible employees and shareholders may participate in the U. S. political process by contributing to a voluntary, company-sponsored, federal PAC. ExxonMobil reports PAC contributions to the U. S. Federal Election Commission every month. Political contributions Transparency in payments to governments We believe that disclosing relevant payments to governments is an important tool to reduce corruption, improve government accountability, and promote greater economic stability worldwide. We consider the most successful transparency initiatives to be those that: Apply to all foreign, domestic, and state-owned companies. Protect proprietary information to promote commercial competitiveness. Comply with international trade conventions and treaties. Do not violate host government laws or contractual obligations. Our approach to tax Left Arrow Right arrow Sustainability at ExxonMobil Integrating sustainability into what we do Advancing Climate Solutions Pursuing environmental excellence Meeting society's critical needs for energy and products Safeguarding people Contributing to the well-being of communities close Publications Explore the reports Explore more Sustainability Report Sustainability • June 20, 2025 Expanding the plastics life cycle Sustainability Report • 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Working with suppliers Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 Enhancing process safety Sustainability Report • 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Improving air quality Sustainability Report • 2 min read • April 30, 2025 Sustainability Report Executive Summary Sustainability Report • 5 min read • April 30, 2025 FOOTNOTES: Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) developed by Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute, and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers. Lower emissions cash capex includes cash capex attributable to carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lithium, biofuels, Proxxima™ systems, carbon materials, and activities to lower ExxonMobil’s emissions and/or third party (3P) emissions. Planned spend is from 2025-2030. ExxonMobil 2030 GHG emission-reduction plans are intensity-based and for Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions from operated assets compared to 2016 levels. For more information, see our Advancing Climate Solutions report. ExxonMobil 2030 GHG emission-reduction plans are intensity-based and for Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions from operated assets compared to 2016 levels. Electioneering communication is the standard terminology used by the Federal Election Committee and also used in our Advocacy Report. It includes any communication that refers to a clearly identified federal candidate, is publicly distributed within 30 days of a primary or 60 days of a general election and is targeted to the relevant electorate. close FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS Images or statements of future ambitions, aims, aspirations, plans, goals, events, projects, projections, opportunities, expectations, performance, or conditions in the publications, including plans to reduce, abate, avoid or enable avoidance of emissions or reduce emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, business plans, and sustainability efforts are dependent on future market factors, such as customer demand, continued technological progress, stable policy support and timely rule-making or continuation of government incentives and funding, and represent forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero and similar roadmaps for emerging technologies and markets, and water management roadmaps to reduce freshwater intake and/or manage disposal, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future corporate, market or industry performance or outcomes for ExxonMobil or society and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are even unknown. Actual future results, including the achievement of ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in heritage Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030, and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives to meet ExxonMobil’s greenhouse gas emission reduction plans and goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans as well as technology advances, including in the timing and outcome of projects to capture, transport and store CO 2, produce hydrogen and ammonia, produce lower-emission fuels, produce Proxxima TM systems, produce carbon materials, produce lithium, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future debt levels and credit ratings; business and project plans, timing, costs, capacities and profitability; resource recoveries and production rates; planned Denbury and Pioneer integrated benefits; obtain data on detection, measurement and quantification of emissions including reporting of that data or updates to previous estimates and progress in sustainability focus areas could vary depending on a number of factors, including global or regional changes in oil, gas, petrochemicals, or feedstock prices, differentials, seasonal fluctuations, or other market or economic conditions affecting the oil, gas, and petrochemical industries and the demand for our products; new market products and services; future cash flows; our ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; the ability to realize efficiencies within and across our business lines; new or changing government policies for lower carbon and new market investment opportunities, or policies limiting the attractiveness of investments such as European taxes on energy and unequal support for different methods of carbon capture; developments or changes in local, national, or international treaties, laws, regulations, taxes, trade sanctions, trade tariffs, and incentives affecting our business, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, plastics, carbon storage and carbon costs; timely granting of governmental permits and certifications; uncertain impacts of deregulation on the legal and regulatory environment; evolving reporting standards for these topics and evolving measurement standards for reported data; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as electrification of operations, advanced recycling, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia production, Proxxima TM systems, carbon materials or direct lithium extraction on a commercially competitive basis; the development and competitiveness of alternative energy and emission reduction technologies; unforeseen technical or operating difficulties, including the need for unplanned maintenance; availability of feedstocks for lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, or advanced recycling; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of co-venturers competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences including willingness and ability to pay for reduced emissions products; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; timely completion of construction projects; war, civil unrest, attacks against the Company or industry, and other political or security disturbances, including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; decoupling of economies, realignment of global trade and supply chain networks, and disruptions in military alliances; and other factors discussed here and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under the heading “Factors affecting future results” available under the “Earnings” tab through the “Investors” page of our website at www. exxonmobil. com. The Advancing Climate Solutions Report includes 2024 greenhouse gas emissions performance data as of March 1, 2025, and Scope 3 Category 11 estimates for full year 2024 as of February 19, 2025. The greenhouse gas intensity and greenhouse gas emission estimates include Scope 2 market-based emissions. The Sustainability Report, the Advancing Climate Solutions Report, and corresponding Executive Summaries were issued on April 30, 2025. The content and data referenced in these publications focus primarily on our operations from Jan. 1, 2024 – Dec. 31, 2024, unless otherwise indicated. Tables on our “Metrics and data” page were updated to reflect full year 2024 data. Information regarding some known events or activities in 2025 and historical initiatives from prior years are also included. No party should place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates of these publications. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s knowledge and reasonable expectations at the time of publication. ExxonMobil assumes no duty to update these statements or materials as of any future date, and neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. See “ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS” at the end of this document for additional information on these reports and the use of non-GAAP and other financial measures. ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS The Advancing Climate Solutions Report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report are consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD. In doing so, ExxonMobil is not obligating itself to use any terms in the way defined by the TCFD or any other party, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendation of the TCFD or to provide any specific disclosure. For example, with respect to the term “material, ” individual companies are best suited to determine what information is material, under the long-standing U. S. Supreme Court definition, and whether to include this information in U. S. Securities and Exchange Act filings. In addition, the ISSB is evaluating standards that provide their interpretation of TCFD which may or may not be consistent with the current TCFD recommendations. The Sustainability Report and Advancing Climate Solutions Report are each a voluntary disclosure and are not designed to fulfill any U. S. , foreign, or third-party required reporting framework. Actions needed to advance ExxonMobil’s 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reductions plans are incorporated into its medium-term business plans, which are updated annually. The reference case for planning beyond 2030 is based on the Company’s Global Outlook research and publication. The Global Outlook is reflective of the existing global policy environment and an assumption of increasing policy stringency and technology improvement to 2050. However, the Global Outlook does not attempt to project the degree of required future policy and technology advancement and deployment for the world, or ExxonMobil, to meet net zero by 2050. As future policies and technology advancements emerge, they will be incorporated into the GIobal Outlook, and the Company’s business plans will be updated as appropriate. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by the corporation or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of stable and supportive policy, permitting, technological advancement for cost-effective abatement, insights from the Company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emission and other new investments is based on our corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, stable public policy support, other factors, and focused on returns. Energy demand modeling aims to replicate system dynamics of the global energy system, requiring simplifications. The reference to any scenario or any pathway for an energy transition, including any potential net-zero scenario, does not imply ExxonMobil views any particular scenario as likely to occur. In addition, energy demand scenarios require assumptions on a variety of parameters. As such, the outcome of any given scenario using an energy demand model comes with a high degree of uncertainty. For example, the IEA describes its NZE scenario as extremely challenging, requiring unprecedented innovation, unprecedented international cooperation, and sustained support and participation from consumers, with steeper reductions required each year since the scenario’s initial release. Third-party scenarios discussed in these reports reflect the modeling assumptions and outputs of their respective authors, not ExxonMobil, and their use or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by ExxonMobil of their underlying assumptions, likelihood, or probability. Investment decisions are made on the basis of ExxonMobil’s separate planning process but may be secondarily tested for robustness or resiliency against different assumptions, including against various scenarios. These reports contain information from third parties. ExxonMobil makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, ExxonMobil received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. ExxonMobil has also provided links in this report to third-party websites for ease of reference. ExxonMobil’s use of the third-party content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information. ExxonMobil reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) manual. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI and the selection of the data reported. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions, abatements and enabled avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to estimate, detect, measure, and address emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. Any reference to ExxonMobil’s support of, work with, or collaboration with a third-party organization within these publications do not constitute or imply an endorsement by ExxonMobil of any or all of the positions or activities of such organization. ExxonMobil participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, projects, groups, trade organizations, and other collaborations among industry and through organizations like the United Nations that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions, sustainability, and the energy transition. ExxonMobil’s participation or membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee that ExxonMobil’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond ExxonMobil’s control, including government regulation, availability and cost-effectiveness of technologies, and market forces and other risks and uncertainties. Such third parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and goals frequently diverge from ExxonMobil’s own ambitions, plans, goals, and commitments. ExxonMobil will continue to make independent decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its climate-related and sustainability-related ambitions, plans, goals, commitments, and investments. ExxonMobil’s future ambitions, goals and commitments reflect ExxonMobil’s current plans, and ExxonMobil may unilaterally change them for various reasons, including adoption of new reporting standards or practices, market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. References to “resources, ” “resource base, ” “recoverable resources” and similar terms refer to the total remaining estimated quantities of oil and natural gas that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The resource base includes quantities of oil and natural gas classified as proved reserves, as well as quantities that are not yet classified as proved reserves, but that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The term “resource base” is not intended to correspond to SEC definitions such as “probable” or “possible” reserves. For additional information, see the “Frequently Used Terms” on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www. exxonmobil. com under the header “Modeling Toolkit. ” References to “oil” and “gas” include crude, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. The term “project” as used in these publications can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso, and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we, ” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. These publications cover Exxon Mobil Corporation’s owned and operated businesses and do not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which ExxonMobil is the operator, we often exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy of these joint ventures may differ from those in these reports. At the time of publication, ExxonMobil has completed the acquisitions of Denbury Inc. and Pioneer Natural Resources Company. These reports and the data therein do not speak of these companies’ pre-acquisition governance, risk management, strategy approaches, or emissions or sustainability performance unless specifically referenced. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION FOR NON-GAAP AND OTHER MEASURES The Positioned for Growth in a Lower-Emission Future section of the Advancing Climate Solutions Report mentions modeled operating cash flow in comparing different businesses over time in a future scenario. Historic operating cash flow is defined as net income, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization for consolidated and equity companies, plus noncash adjustments related to asset retirement obligations plus proceeds from asset sales. The Company’s long-term portfolio modeling estimates operating cash flow as revenue or margins less cash expenses, taxes and abandonment expenditures plus proceeds from asset sales before portfolio capital expenditures. The Company believes this measure can be helpful in assessing the resiliency of the business to generate cash from different potential future markets. The performance data presented in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report and Sustainability Report, including on emissions, is not financial data and is not GAAP data. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:09:53 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/who-we-are/policy/political-contributions | 4.15 KB ===

Political contributions | Policy Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Political contributions In this Report Political contributions Political contributions Political contributions – annual summaries 2023 PAC contributions PAC contributions - annual summaries Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Policy We believe that sound public policy is achieved when a variety of informed voices participate in the political process. ExxonMobil also provides support to organizations that promote international relationships, institutions with strong research capabilities that contribute to informed policy decision-making, and organizations that assess public policy alternatives on issues of importance to the energy industry. Corporate political contributions The Board of Directors has authorized ExxonMobil to make political contributions to candidate committees and other political organizations as permitted by applicable laws in the United States. ExxonMobil’s support of candidates and political organizations reflects corporate interests and not those of any individual employee, officer or independent director. The political contributions of the corporation, as well as the contributions from the company-sponsored political action committee, are reviewed with the board of directors annually and are routinely verified during internal audits of the corporation’s public and government affairs activities. In 2024, ExxonMobil contributed $310, 000 in support of six national political organizations of state officials. In addition, the company contributed over $230, 000 in election support to 179 state-level candidates and two committees in two U. S. states. Contributions are reported to applicable governing agencies. As required of federal contractors by law, ExxonMobil has not used corporate treasury funds to support any federal candidates, national political parties or other political committees, including Super PACs. Also at the federal level, ExxonMobil has chosen not to use treasury funds or political action committee funds for direct independent political expenditures, including electioneering communications. View 2024 corporate political contributions Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Corporate political contributions – annual summaries Itemized lists of corporate political contributions to the national political organizations and state-level candidates and committees for the past five years are available here. 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Political Activities Policy Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Corporate PAC contributions As with many corporations, ExxonMobil offers certain eligible employees and shareholders an opportunity to participate in the U. S. political process by contributing to a company-sponsored Political Action Committee (PAC). Participation in the PAC is completely voluntary. Political contributions made from the PAC are reported monthly to the Federal Election Commission, and are a matter of public record. In 2023, the ExxonMobil PAC disbursed $676, 500 to federal and state candidates and committees. A listing of ExxonMobil PAC contributions for 2023 is available below. A detailed schedule of ExxonMobil PAC contributions from previous years can be accessed on the U. S. Federal Election Commission website at. View 2023 PAC contributions Corporate PAC contributions - annual summaries Itemized lists of corporate PAC contributions to federal and state candidates and committees for the past five years are available here. 2023 PAC contributions 2022 PAC contributions 2021 PAC contributions 2019-2020 election cycle PAC contributions Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:09:57 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/sustainability-and-reports/sustainability/meeting-societys-critical-needs-energy-products/expanding-the-plastics-life-cycle | 32.21 KB ===

Expanding the plastics lifecycle | ExxonMobil Sustainability Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Navigate to: Our approach Our approach Supporting a more circular economy for plastics with advanced recycling Increasing recycling rates through collaboration and innovation Responsible manufacturing: the right products the right way Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Sustainability Report 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Expanding the plastics life cycle Plastics make modern life possible–and they’re too valuable to waste. Report 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Our approach Supporting a more circular economy for plastics with advanced recycling Increasing recycling rates through collaboration and innovation Responsible manufacturing: the right products the right way Plastic products help defend against disease, preserve food, and are used in medical equipment that saves lives. As described in our Global Outlook, prosperity and population are expected to grow around the world between now and 2050. Plastics will be instrumental in supporting many of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, including good health, food preservation, and clean drinking water. As living standards increase, plastics allow society to do more with less material and often with a smaller environmental footprint than alternatives. A recent U. S. -based study found that polyethylene (PE) packaging—the most widely used plastic packaging—can reduce lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions by up to 70% compared to alternative materials like glass, paper, and aluminum. 1 In transportation, plastics enable lighter vehicles, driving a 6% to 8% fuel efficiency gain for every 10% reduction in weight. 2 The electric vehicle industry also relies on plastics to produce lightweight cars to extend battery range. In agriculture, the plastic films made from our polymers support farming around the world by enabling: Durable solutions for greenhouses that help farmers grow their crops all year long. Long-lasting mulch solutions that use less material and help increase crop production rates by reducing the frequent need to collect and replace used plastic film. Tough, puncture-resistant films for grain silos to reduce loss and spoilage. Plastics are increasingly society’s material of choice due to their functional benefits and have overall lower life cycle greenhouse gas emissions compared to alternative materials in most applications. Our approach To meet society’s evolving needs, our efforts are focused both on enabling the societal benefits plastics provide and helping address the global issue of plastic waste. Our approach includes: Expanding our advanced recycling capacity to help further broaden the range of plastics that can be recycled; Developing plastic solutions that enable our customers to make products that use less plastic; and Supporting improvements in plastic waste recovery, gathering, and sorting. Even lower-demand scenarios like the International Energy Agency’s Net Zero by 2050 (IEA NZE) project growth in plastics. Supporting a more circular economy for plastics with advanced recycling Mismanaged plastic waste is a global problem. We believe that a more circular economy for plastics is an important part of the solution. Around the world, only about 9% of all plastics are recycled. 3 Even in areas with better waste and recycling infrastructure, like the European Union, less than 27% of plastic waste is recycled 4 once it leaves consumers’ hands. The rest is burned for energy, goes to landfills, or is discarded to the environment. There are better uses for these materials. We are helping to address the plastic waste challenge through advanced recycling (sometimes called chemical recycling) – giving plastic waste another life as new products that people need. Many products are difficult to recycle through mechanical recycling – the traditional method of grinding and melting plastic waste. But when both are used, mechanical recycling and advanced recycling could enable more types of plastic waste to be recycled. With advanced recycling, plastic waste is broken down at the molecular level. This allows even complex blends of plastics to be turned back into usable raw materials. These are identical to the raw materials produced during the processing of fossil-based feedstocks and can be used to make a wide range of valuable products, including fuels, lubricants, and high-performance chemicals and plastics. ExxonMobil’s technology for advanced recycling is not burning waste, which would consume the molecules and make it impossible to make new products out of them. Instead, we use a technology called “pyrolysis” to convert about 90% of the processed plastic waste into usable raw materials – a highly efficient process. For every ton of certified-circular plastics sold, more than a ton of plastic waste avoids other end-of-life dispositions like landfill or incineration. 5 For every ton of plastic waste processed through advanced recycling, society reduces the need to process ~ 1 ton of fossil-derived feedstocks. 6 Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close *ISCC PLUS mass balance approach using the “determined by mass” option with “certified free attribution” applied. Does not represent GHG emissions or recycled content. Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close We sell certified-circular plastics corresponding to the amount of plastic waste we transform back into usable raw materials. We do this using a mass balance approach that has been used in other industries for many years. What is mass balance? In short, it is an accounting process that can be used in complex value chains like ours in which one input (e. g. , plastic waste) is mixed with other inputs in a way that the different inputs cannot be physically traced throughout the system. This widely used approach helps our customers match the volume of their certified-circular plastic purchase to a corresponding amount of plastic waste that we transformed into usable raw materials through advanced recycling. Similar concepts are used in other sectors to help customers and society keep track of their impact. For example, if you buy “renewable energy” from your electricity provider, you’re paying for that energy to be generated and added to the grid, but the electricity that reaches your house might come from a mix of sources. Our advanced recycling facilities and process are certified via an independent, third-party certification system called International Sustainability and Carbon Certification (ISCC) PLUS. ISCC is an association of more than 240 members, including research institutes and NGOs. The certificate we provide our customers is not a claim that our certified-circular plastics contain specific amounts of “recycled content” or carry GHG benefits. Rather, it represents an assurance that we followed a rigorous mass balance attribution system that is certified by a third-party. This enables us to be transparent about our products, helping our customers, and their customers, progress and communicate circularity goals. Scaling up capacity to meet growing demand There is rising demand from consumers and customers for circularity, far more than mechanical recycling can provide. Purchasing certified-circular plastics can enable our customers to achieve circularity goals, such as: Unlocking the value of plastic waste by converting it into useful raw materials; Monetizing the value of plastic waste to drive better collection and sorting; Contributing to the growth of the recycling sector; and Accelerating plastic recycling rates. We are uniquely positioned with our scale, integration, and technology to rapidly expand advanced recycling capacity and help meet the needs of our customers and communities. Customers so far include Sealed Air, Ahold Delhaize, Berry Global, Pactiv Evergreen, and Amcor, all supporting a more circular economy for food packaging. Our Baytown advanced recycling facility started up commercial-scale operations in December 2022. In late 2024, we announced plans to invest more than $200 million to expand advanced recycling operations in Baytown and Beaumont, Texas. The investment will add 350 million pounds per year of advanced recycling capacity at these two sites, bringing our total capacity to 500 million pounds per year. As of December 2024, our Baytown site has processed more than 80 million pounds of end-of-life plastic – with more to come as we collaborate to get more plastic collected, sorted, and ready to process. We are continuing to develop additional advanced recycling projects at manufacturing sites in North America, Europe and Asia, with the goal of reaching 1 billion pounds per year of advanced recycling capacity globally. Increasing recycling rates through collaboration and innovation Like most complex environmental challenges, broad collaboration is needed to address the issue of mismanaged waste. This includes sound policy and investment in waste-management infrastructure. Through organizations such as the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, we collaborate across the value chain to increase plastic waste collection and sorting to help support a more circular economy for plastics. In December 2023, Cyclyx, our joint venture with Agilyx Corp. and LyondellBasell, announced plans to build its first Cyclyx Circularity Center (CCC). This first-of-its-kind plastic waste processing facility will have the capacity to produce 300 million pounds of plastic feedstock per year to be used in both advanced and mechanical recycling of post-consumer, commercial, and industrial plastic waste. As a founding member of the Houston Recycling Collaboration, ExxonMobil is working with others in industry and government to increase access to plastic recycling in the Houston area in support of the CCC. Responsible manufacturing: the right products the right way Our Vistmaxx TM performance polymers make recycling easier by making polyethylene and polypropylene more compatible, which allows them to “mix in the melt” and removes the need for mechanical recyclers to separate these materials for processing. Collaboration, again, leads to even better results. For example, ExxonMobil Asia Pacific Research & Development Co. , Ltd partnered with Shantou Mingca Packaging earlier this year on an ultra-low density shrink film that can be manufactured with minimal adjustments in production lines. More importantly, it can be more easily recycled in communities with programs and facilities in place to collect plastic film, even by traditional recyclers, as certified by TÜV Rheinland, a global leader in inspection services. Our efforts are further supported by our systems to responsibly manage plastics manufacturing, including the global standards we have set across all of our resin-handling operations. These standards are more stringent than the laws and regulations related to plastic pellet loss in many of the places we operate, and we collaborate with industry through Operation Clean Sweep-Blue to share best practices. 7 Left Arrow Right arrow Meeting society's critical needs for energy and products Supporting a just transition Expanding the plastics life cycle Progressing product safety close Sustainability at ExxonMobil Integrating sustainability into what we do Advancing Climate Solutions Pursuing environmental excellence Meeting society's critical needs for energy and products Safeguarding people Contributing to the well-being of communities close Publications Explore the reports Explore more Sustainability Report Sustainability • June 20, 2025 Integrating sustainability into what we do Sustainability Report • 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Working with suppliers Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 Enhancing process safety Sustainability Report • 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Improving air quality Sustainability Report • 2 min read • April 30, 2025 Sustainability Report Executive Summary Sustainability Report • 5 min read • April 30, 2025 FOOTNOTES: Based on the 2025 study “Polyethylene packaging and alternative materials in the United States: A life cycle assessment” (Science of the Total Environment). Full study: . Department of Energy statements at https: //www. energy. gov/eere/vehicles/lightweight-materials-cars-and-trucks. Based on OECD Global Plastics Outlook: Plastics Europe: The Circular Economy for Plastics: A European Analysis Certified-circular plastics are virgin-quality plastics that are accompanied by a certificate that matches the mass of virgin quality plastics that we sell to a corresponding amount of plastic waste that we transformed back into usable raw materials through advanced recycling. On a global, macroeconomic basis, assuming constant demand. Pellet loss refers to the unintended release of plastic resin into the environment during manufacturing, transportation, handling, or processing. close FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS Images or statements of future ambitions, aims, aspirations, plans, goals, events, projects, projections, opportunities, expectations, performance, or conditions in the publications, including plans to reduce, abate, avoid or enable avoidance of emissions or reduce emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, business plans, and sustainability efforts are dependent on future market factors, such as customer demand, continued technological progress, stable policy support and timely rule-making or continuation of government incentives and funding, and represent forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero and similar roadmaps for emerging technologies and markets, and water management roadmaps to reduce freshwater intake and/or manage disposal, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future corporate, market or industry performance or outcomes for ExxonMobil or society and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are even unknown. Actual future results, including the achievement of ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in heritage Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030, and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives to meet ExxonMobil’s greenhouse gas emission reduction plans and goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans as well as technology advances, including in the timing and outcome of projects to capture, transport and store CO 2, produce hydrogen and ammonia, produce lower-emission fuels, produce Proxxima TM systems, produce carbon materials, produce lithium, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future debt levels and credit ratings; business and project plans, timing, costs, capacities and profitability; resource recoveries and production rates; planned Denbury and Pioneer integrated benefits; obtain data on detection, measurement and quantification of emissions including reporting of that data or updates to previous estimates and progress in sustainability focus areas could vary depending on a number of factors, including global or regional changes in oil, gas, petrochemicals, or feedstock prices, differentials, seasonal fluctuations, or other market or economic conditions affecting the oil, gas, and petrochemical industries and the demand for our products; new market products and services; future cash flows; our ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; the ability to realize efficiencies within and across our business lines; new or changing government policies for lower carbon and new market investment opportunities, or policies limiting the attractiveness of investments such as European taxes on energy and unequal support for different methods of carbon capture; developments or changes in local, national, or international treaties, laws, regulations, taxes, trade sanctions, trade tariffs, and incentives affecting our business, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, plastics, carbon storage and carbon costs; timely granting of governmental permits and certifications; uncertain impacts of deregulation on the legal and regulatory environment; evolving reporting standards for these topics and evolving measurement standards for reported data; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as electrification of operations, advanced recycling, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia production, Proxxima TM systems, carbon materials or direct lithium extraction on a commercially competitive basis; the development and competitiveness of alternative energy and emission reduction technologies; unforeseen technical or operating difficulties, including the need for unplanned maintenance; availability of feedstocks for lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, or advanced recycling; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of co-venturers competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences including willingness and ability to pay for reduced emissions products; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; timely completion of construction projects; war, civil unrest, attacks against the Company or industry, and other political or security disturbances, including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; decoupling of economies, realignment of global trade and supply chain networks, and disruptions in military alliances; and other factors discussed here and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under the heading “Factors affecting future results” available under the “Earnings” tab through the “Investors” page of our website at www. exxonmobil. com. The Advancing Climate Solutions Report includes 2024 greenhouse gas emissions performance data as of March 1, 2025, and Scope 3 Category 11 estimates for full year 2024 as of February 19, 2025. The greenhouse gas intensity and greenhouse gas emission estimates include Scope 2 market-based emissions. The Sustainability Report, the Advancing Climate Solutions Report, and corresponding Executive Summaries were issued on April 30, 2025. The content and data referenced in these publications focus primarily on our operations from Jan. 1, 2024 – Dec. 31, 2024, unless otherwise indicated. Tables on our “Metrics and data” page were updated to reflect full year 2024 data. Information regarding some known events or activities in 2025 and historical initiatives from prior years are also included. No party should place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates of these publications. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s knowledge and reasonable expectations at the time of publication. ExxonMobil assumes no duty to update these statements or materials as of any future date, and neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. See “ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS” at the end of this document for additional information on these reports and the use of non-GAAP and other financial measures. ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS The Advancing Climate Solutions Report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report are consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD. In doing so, ExxonMobil is not obligating itself to use any terms in the way defined by the TCFD or any other party, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendation of the TCFD or to provide any specific disclosure. For example, with respect to the term “material, ” individual companies are best suited to determine what information is material, under the long-standing U. S. Supreme Court definition, and whether to include this information in U. S. Securities and Exchange Act filings. In addition, the ISSB is evaluating standards that provide their interpretation of TCFD which may or may not be consistent with the current TCFD recommendations. The Sustainability Report and Advancing Climate Solutions Report are each a voluntary disclosure and are not designed to fulfill any U. S. , foreign, or third-party required reporting framework. Actions needed to advance ExxonMobil’s 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reductions plans are incorporated into its medium-term business plans, which are updated annually. The reference case for planning beyond 2030 is based on the Company’s Global Outlook research and publication. The Global Outlook is reflective of the existing global policy environment and an assumption of increasing policy stringency and technology improvement to 2050. However, the Global Outlook does not attempt to project the degree of required future policy and technology advancement and deployment for the world, or ExxonMobil, to meet net zero by 2050. As future policies and technology advancements emerge, they will be incorporated into the GIobal Outlook, and the Company’s business plans will be updated as appropriate. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by the corporation or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of stable and supportive policy, permitting, technological advancement for cost-effective abatement, insights from the Company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emission and other new investments is based on our corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, stable public policy support, other factors, and focused on returns. Energy demand modeling aims to replicate system dynamics of the global energy system, requiring simplifications. The reference to any scenario or any pathway for an energy transition, including any potential net-zero scenario, does not imply ExxonMobil views any particular scenario as likely to occur. In addition, energy demand scenarios require assumptions on a variety of parameters. As such, the outcome of any given scenario using an energy demand model comes with a high degree of uncertainty. For example, the IEA describes its NZE scenario as extremely challenging, requiring unprecedented innovation, unprecedented international cooperation, and sustained support and participation from consumers, with steeper reductions required each year since the scenario’s initial release. Third-party scenarios discussed in these reports reflect the modeling assumptions and outputs of their respective authors, not ExxonMobil, and their use or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by ExxonMobil of their underlying assumptions, likelihood, or probability. Investment decisions are made on the basis of ExxonMobil’s separate planning process but may be secondarily tested for robustness or resiliency against different assumptions, including against various scenarios. These reports contain information from third parties. ExxonMobil makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, ExxonMobil received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. ExxonMobil has also provided links in this report to third-party websites for ease of reference. ExxonMobil’s use of the third-party content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information. ExxonMobil reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) manual. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI and the selection of the data reported. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions, abatements and enabled avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to estimate, detect, measure, and address emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. Any reference to ExxonMobil’s support of, work with, or collaboration with a third-party organization within these publications do not constitute or imply an endorsement by ExxonMobil of any or all of the positions or activities of such organization. ExxonMobil participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, projects, groups, trade organizations, and other collaborations among industry and through organizations like the United Nations that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions, sustainability, and the energy transition. ExxonMobil’s participation or membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee that ExxonMobil’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond ExxonMobil’s control, including government regulation, availability and cost-effectiveness of technologies, and market forces and other risks and uncertainties. Such third parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and goals frequently diverge from ExxonMobil’s own ambitions, plans, goals, and commitments. ExxonMobil will continue to make independent decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its climate-related and sustainability-related ambitions, plans, goals, commitments, and investments. ExxonMobil’s future ambitions, goals and commitments reflect ExxonMobil’s current plans, and ExxonMobil may unilaterally change them for various reasons, including adoption of new reporting standards or practices, market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. References to “resources, ” “resource base, ” “recoverable resources” and similar terms refer to the total remaining estimated quantities of oil and natural gas that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The resource base includes quantities of oil and natural gas classified as proved reserves, as well as quantities that are not yet classified as proved reserves, but that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The term “resource base” is not intended to correspond to SEC definitions such as “probable” or “possible” reserves. For additional information, see the “Frequently Used Terms” on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www. exxonmobil. com under the header “Modeling Toolkit. ” References to “oil” and “gas” include crude, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. The term “project” as used in these publications can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso, and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we, ” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. These publications cover Exxon Mobil Corporation’s owned and operated businesses and do not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which ExxonMobil is the operator, we often exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy of these joint ventures may differ from those in these reports. At the time of publication, ExxonMobil has completed the acquisitions of Denbury Inc. and Pioneer Natural Resources Company. These reports and the data therein do not speak of these companies’ pre-acquisition governance, risk management, strategy approaches, or emissions or sustainability performance unless specifically referenced. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION FOR NON-GAAP AND OTHER MEASURES The Positioned for Growth in a Lower-Emission Future section of the Advancing Climate Solutions Report mentions modeled operating cash flow in comparing different businesses over time in a future scenario. Historic operating cash flow is defined as net income, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization for consolidated and equity companies, plus noncash adjustments related to asset retirement obligations plus proceeds from asset sales. The Company’s long-term portfolio modeling estimates operating cash flow as revenue or margins less cash expenses, taxes and abandonment expenditures plus proceeds from asset sales before portfolio capital expenditures. The Company believes this measure can be helpful in assessing the resiliency of the business to generate cash from different potential future markets. The performance data presented in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report and Sustainability Report, including on emissions, is not financial data and is not GAAP data. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:10:06 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/sustainability-and-reports/sustainability/safeguarding-people/respecting-human-rights | 33.45 KB ===

Respecting human rights | ExxonMobil Sustainability Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Navigate to: Our approach Our approach Embedding human rights into our policies Integrating human rights into our practices Workforce housing and accommodations Reinforcing human rights through training Transparency and collaboration Share Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Top Sustainability Report 4 min read • April 30, 2025 Share Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 Email link opens in a new window copy to clipboard close Print Respecting human rights Respecting human rights is important to the well-being of our communities and our workforce – and it’s simply the right thing to do. Report 4 min read • April 30, 2025 Our approach Embedding human rights into our policies Integrating human rights into our practices Workforce housing and accommodations Reinforcing human rights through training Transparency and collaboration Our core values — integrity, care, courage, excellence, and resilience — guide every aspect of our operations. These values are reflected in our comprehensive approach to human rights, which is integrated into our policies, practices, and expectations. See our Statement on Human Rights. Our commitment to respect human rights is a cornerstone of how we work to Protect Tomorrow. Today. Our approach We are unwavering in our commitment to respecting human rights, guided by the goals of universally recognized human rights principles, as a core principle in our operations: We strive to have a positive influence on our workforce and in the communities where we operate. We do not use forced or compulsory labor in our operations, and we forbid the use of child labor in our workforce. We condemn human rights violations in any form, and we actively express these views in our engagements with governments and other stakeholders. Embedding human rights into our policies Our Standards of Business Conduct include our “foundation policies. ” These define the ethical behavior we expect from our directors, officers, and employees. Our Board of Directors adopts and oversees the administration of these policies, which aim to uphold the values of human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption. Our wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries generally adopt policies similar to our foundation policies. These policies include: Ethics: Compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Health: Identifying, evaluating, and managing health risks related to our operations. Complaint procedures and open-door communication: Encouraging employees to ask questions, voice concerns, and make suggestions. Environment: Conducting business in a way that balances environmental and economic needs. Safety: Ensuring the safety of employees, contractors, customers, and the public. Equal Employment Opportunity: Providing equal employment opportunities in line with applicable laws and regulations. We incorporate key aspects of the 2011 U. N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights “Protect, Respect and Remedy” framework and the U. N Global Compact into our policies. Our efforts reflect the spirit and intent of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Our Standards of Business Conduct also support the International Labour Organization’s 1998 Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work (ILO Declaration). The policies, procedures, and practices we implement consider applicable laws and local customs to support the objectives of the ILO Declaration. These include: Freedom of association and effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining. Elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor. Effective abolition of child labor. Elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. Safe and healthy working environments. When applicable, our practices are guided by the: Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights. U. N. Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. ILO Convention 169 Concerning Indigenous and Tribal Peoples in Independent Countries. Our Statement on Labor and the Workplace emphasizes our commitment to positive, productive, and supportive work environments. Our Statement on Security and Human Rights commits us to protecting the security of personnel, facilities, and operations while respecting human rights. This framework guides our interactions with government-assigned and private security providers. It also offers guidance for documenting and reporting alleged human rights abuses. Our Supplier, Vendor, and Contractor Expectations call on the companies we work with to: Operate consistent with the ILO Declaration. Respect human rights consistent with U. N. Guiding Principles. Adhere to stringent compliance, anti-corruption, conflict of interest, and safety guidelines. Integrating human rights into our practices Our due diligence practices help identify and assess potential human rights impacts, and other socioeconomic risks and opportunities, early on in our activities. We aim to avoid or reduce risks with thorough planning, effective mitigation, monitoring, and other measures. For example, as part of our Environmental, Socioeconomic, and Health Impact Assessment and Management process, we conduct initial country assessments that identify qualitative human rights risks. We also use a human rights risk screening tool to analyze risks at country, project, and operations levels, incorporating elements of global human rights principles. Our approach to socioeconomic management supports our assessment and management of human rights aspects in our communities. It is guided by our Environmental Aspects Guide, which considers environmental, social, and economic factors, as well our Environment Policy and Operations Integrity Management System (OIMS). We provide access to remedy through transparent, accessible, and culturally appropriate channels for individuals or communities to raise concerns, consistent with international standards. We make these available through our community and operations-level grievance-management processes, as well as our complaint procedures and open-door communication for employees. As part of these processes, we seek to support confidentiality and non-retaliation. More information on our grievance-management process can be found here. By monitoring feedback and emerging trends, and using grievance mechanisms at our sites, we improve our management plans and update our training programs with new insights. Focus areas What we do More information Communities and people We strive to amplify the positive impact of our business on local communities while diligently managing environmental, socioeconomic, and health risks. Our approach to socioeconomic management is integral to our respect for human rights. Practices encompass key areas such as: Community health, safety, and security. Local economic development. Land use. Resettlement. Livelihood restoration. Cultural heritage. Rights of Indigenous peoples. Managing socioeconomic impacts Workforce For our workforce, respect for human rights means focusing on safety, security, health, career development, and our procedures for complaints and open-door communication. Workforce development Workplace security Workforce safety Complaint procedures and open-door communication Suppliers We use an integrated, risk-based due diligence approach, with a focus on workplace rights, to identify and manage potential human rights risks among our suppliers. Before awarding contracts, we use third-party data to screen suppliers for compliance in areas like sanctions, anti-corruption, and human trafficking. Our due diligence process to identify forced labor risks focuses on three factors: the supplier, the commodity, and the location. If higher risks are identified, we further assess the supplier’s policies and risk management practices before proceeding. Working with suppliers Supplier expectations Annual supplier letter Security Since 2002, we have been a member of the Voluntary Principles Initiative (VPI), a multi-stakeholder effort supporting the implementation of the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR). In 2023, VPI began publishing on their website the yearly report we provide on our activities and processes in support of the principles. Our security service contracts typically include provisions requiring appropriate training on aspects of international principles, local laws, and regulations: ExxonMobil’s Statement of Principles on Security and Human Rights. Local laws and regulations. Provisions of the U. N. Universal Declaration on Human Rights. International Labour Organization’s 1998 Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. U. N. Code of Conduct for Law Enforcement Officials. U. N. Basic Principles on the Use of Force and Firearms by Law Enforcement Officials. Our standard contract provisions also require contractors to immediately remove personnel credibly accused of human rights abuses and to monitor, report, and investigate all such incidents. We engage with host governments as needed to support security and respect for human rights in local operations. Where we are required to work with government security staff, we seek written agreements with the host nations that include expectations consistent with the goals of the VPSHR. We help train security providers on the goals of the VPSHR and provide targeted training for ExxonMobil personnel globally. The training focuses on our expectations for host government security deployment, including identification of the risks of security-related human rights impacts in communities. ExxonMobil’s Statement on Security and Human Rights ExxonMobil’s 2024 VPSHR disclosure Data protection and privacy We have comprehensive programs designed to protect the integrity and privacy of personal, corporate, and customer data. Privacy statement Enhancing process safety - Cybersecurity spotlight Workforce housing and accommodations From the start of construction to the end of a project, we often provide temporary or long-term housing for our employees and contractors on-site. We tailor our housing requirements to each project and location. We use frameworks like the International Finance Corporation standards or the ILO Maritime Labor Convention, 2006, for offshore camps, to guide our requirements. Our worker housing and accommodations include: Healthy and hygienic housing. Nutritious, balanced meals that respect cultural preferences. Means to register grievances without fear of reprisal. Facilities and opportunities for exercise, recreation, relaxation, and worship. Safe and comfortable living spaces without discrimination based on gender, race, origin, or other protected statuses Additionally, we aim to foster an environment of understanding and tolerance among our workforce. This helps minimize cultural conflicts and reduces the risk of worker unrest or dissatisfaction. Reinforcing human rights through training We reinforce our commitment to respecting human rights through training. Our Standards of Business Conduct are integral to onboarding new employees and are reiterated annually. Our regular required business practices training covers essential topics like foundation policies, open-door communication, and procedures for raising concerns. Our wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries generally provide similar training. Training is available to all employees globally to build an understanding of these topics and an awareness of human rights risks. Human rights is also included as a core element of our instructor-led socioeconomic management training. In addition, tailored human rights training is provided to employees in our procurement function. Transparency and collaboration We actively participate in international initiatives to share knowledge about human rights and communicate our performance. This includes our work with Ipieca, the “global oil and gas association for advancing environmental and social performance. ” In recent years, ExxonMobil helped develop new editions of the Human Rights Due Diligence Guide, the Labour Rights Risk Identification in the Supply Chain, the Supply Chain Library of Questions and Resources, and Online Labour Rights Training – all published by Ipieca. Another example is our work with more than 70, 000 security providers and government security forces since 2016 who have received training on the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights we helped to develop and deliver. Key examples of our disclosures and compliance with laws and regulations related to human rights include: Our annual Slavery and Human Trafficking Statements for Esso UK Limited and related reporting affiliates in accordance with the U. K. Modern Slavery Act of 2015. Our annual Report on Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains for Imperial Oil Limited and its subsidiaries in accordance with the requirements of Canada’s Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act. The annual Australia Modern Slavery Statement of ExxonMobil Australia Pty Ltd, Mobil PNG Gas Holdings Pty Ltd and related reporting entities, in accordance with the Australia Modern Slavery Act of 2018. The annual Norway Transparency Act Statement for Esso Norge AS, in accordance with the Norwegian Transparency Act. Our annual conflict minerals filing to the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission, providing disclosures regarding our supply chain for gold, tin, tungsten, and tantalum. Left Arrow Right arrow Safeguarding people Leading in personnel safety Enhancing process safety Respecting human rights close Sustainability at ExxonMobil Integrating sustainability into what we do Advancing Climate Solutions Pursuing environmental excellence Meeting society's critical needs for energy and products Safeguarding people Contributing to the well-being of communities close Publications Explore the reports Explore more Sustainability Report Sustainability • June 20, 2025 Expanding the plastics life cycle Sustainability Report • 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Integrating sustainability into what we do Sustainability Report • 5 min read • April 30, 2025 Working with suppliers Sustainability Report • April 30, 2025 Enhancing process safety Sustainability Report • 3 min read • April 30, 2025 Improving air quality Sustainability Report • 2 min read • April 30, 2025 close FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS Images or statements of future ambitions, aims, aspirations, plans, goals, events, projects, projections, opportunities, expectations, performance, or conditions in the publications, including plans to reduce, abate, avoid or enable avoidance of emissions or reduce emissions intensity, sensitivity analyses, expectations, estimates, the development of future technologies, business plans, and sustainability efforts are dependent on future market factors, such as customer demand, continued technological progress, stable policy support and timely rule-making or continuation of government incentives and funding, and represent forward-looking statements. Similarly, emission-reduction roadmaps to drive toward net zero and similar roadmaps for emerging technologies and markets, and water management roadmaps to reduce freshwater intake and/or manage disposal, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future corporate, market or industry performance or outcomes for ExxonMobil or society and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are even unknown. Actual future results, including the achievement of ambitions to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero from operated assets by 2050, to reach Scope 1 and 2 net zero in heritage Permian Basin unconventional operated assets by 2030, and in Pioneer Permian assets by 2035, to eliminate routine flaring in-line with World Bank Zero Routine Flaring, to reach near zero methane emissions from operated assets and other methane initiatives to meet ExxonMobil’s greenhouse gas emission reduction plans and goals, divestment and start-up plans, and associated project plans as well as technology advances, including in the timing and outcome of projects to capture, transport and store CO 2, produce hydrogen and ammonia, produce lower-emission fuels, produce Proxxima TM systems, produce carbon materials, produce lithium, and use plastic waste as feedstock for advanced recycling; future debt levels and credit ratings; business and project plans, timing, costs, capacities and profitability; resource recoveries and production rates; planned Denbury and Pioneer integrated benefits; obtain data on detection, measurement and quantification of emissions including reporting of that data or updates to previous estimates and progress in sustainability focus areas could vary depending on a number of factors, including global or regional changes in oil, gas, petrochemicals, or feedstock prices, differentials, seasonal fluctuations, or other market or economic conditions affecting the oil, gas, and petrochemical industries and the demand for our products; new market products and services; future cash flows; our ability to execute operational objectives on a timely and successful basis; the ability to realize efficiencies within and across our business lines; new or changing government policies for lower carbon and new market investment opportunities, or policies limiting the attractiveness of investments such as European taxes on energy and unequal support for different methods of carbon capture; developments or changes in local, national, or international treaties, laws, regulations, taxes, trade sanctions, trade tariffs, and incentives affecting our business, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions, plastics, carbon storage and carbon costs; timely granting of governmental permits and certifications; uncertain impacts of deregulation on the legal and regulatory environment; evolving reporting standards for these topics and evolving measurement standards for reported data; trade patterns and the development and enforcement of local, national and regional mandates; unforeseen technical or operational difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies such as electrification of operations, advanced recycling, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia production, Proxxima TM systems, carbon materials or direct lithium extraction on a commercially competitive basis; the development and competitiveness of alternative energy and emission reduction technologies; unforeseen technical or operating difficulties, including the need for unplanned maintenance; availability of feedstocks for lower-emission fuels, hydrogen, or advanced recycling; changes in the relative energy mix across activities and geographies; the actions of co-venturers competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences including willingness and ability to pay for reduced emissions products; actions taken by governments and consumers resulting from a pandemic; changes in population growth, economic development or migration patterns; timely completion of construction projects; war, civil unrest, attacks against the Company or industry, and other political or security disturbances, including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; decoupling of economies, realignment of global trade and supply chain networks, and disruptions in military alliances; and other factors discussed here and in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under the heading “Factors affecting future results” available under the “Earnings” tab through the “Investors” page of our website at www. exxonmobil. com. The Advancing Climate Solutions Report includes 2024 greenhouse gas emissions performance data as of March 1, 2025, and Scope 3 Category 11 estimates for full year 2024 as of February 19, 2025. The greenhouse gas intensity and greenhouse gas emission estimates include Scope 2 market-based emissions. The Sustainability Report, the Advancing Climate Solutions Report, and corresponding Executive Summaries were issued on April 30, 2025. The content and data referenced in these publications focus primarily on our operations from Jan. 1, 2024 – Dec. 31, 2024, unless otherwise indicated. Tables on our “Metrics and data” page were updated to reflect full year 2024 data. Information regarding some known events or activities in 2025 and historical initiatives from prior years are also included. No party should place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates of these publications. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s knowledge and reasonable expectations at the time of publication. ExxonMobil assumes no duty to update these statements or materials as of any future date, and neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. Any future update will be provided only through a public disclosure indicating that fact. See “ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS” at the end of this document for additional information on these reports and the use of non-GAAP and other financial measures. ABOUT THE ADVANCING CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORTS The Advancing Climate Solutions Report contains terms used by the TCFD, as well as information about how the disclosures in this report are consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD. In doing so, ExxonMobil is not obligating itself to use any terms in the way defined by the TCFD or any other party, nor is it obligating itself to comply with any specific recommendation of the TCFD or to provide any specific disclosure. For example, with respect to the term “material, ” individual companies are best suited to determine what information is material, under the long-standing U. S. Supreme Court definition, and whether to include this information in U. S. Securities and Exchange Act filings. In addition, the ISSB is evaluating standards that provide their interpretation of TCFD which may or may not be consistent with the current TCFD recommendations. The Sustainability Report and Advancing Climate Solutions Report are each a voluntary disclosure and are not designed to fulfill any U. S. , foreign, or third-party required reporting framework. Actions needed to advance ExxonMobil’s 2030 greenhouse gas emission-reductions plans are incorporated into its medium-term business plans, which are updated annually. The reference case for planning beyond 2030 is based on the Company’s Global Outlook research and publication. The Global Outlook is reflective of the existing global policy environment and an assumption of increasing policy stringency and technology improvement to 2050. However, the Global Outlook does not attempt to project the degree of required future policy and technology advancement and deployment for the world, or ExxonMobil, to meet net zero by 2050. As future policies and technology advancements emerge, they will be incorporated into the GIobal Outlook, and the Company’s business plans will be updated as appropriate. References to projects or opportunities may not reflect investment decisions made by the corporation or its affiliates. Individual projects or opportunities may advance based on a number of factors, including availability of stable and supportive policy, permitting, technological advancement for cost-effective abatement, insights from the Company planning process, and alignment with our partners and other stakeholders. Capital investment guidance in lower-emission and other new investments is based on our corporate plan; however, actual investment levels will be subject to the availability of the opportunity set, stable public policy support, other factors, and focused on returns. Energy demand modeling aims to replicate system dynamics of the global energy system, requiring simplifications. The reference to any scenario or any pathway for an energy transition, including any potential net-zero scenario, does not imply ExxonMobil views any particular scenario as likely to occur. In addition, energy demand scenarios require assumptions on a variety of parameters. As such, the outcome of any given scenario using an energy demand model comes with a high degree of uncertainty. For example, the IEA describes its NZE scenario as extremely challenging, requiring unprecedented innovation, unprecedented international cooperation, and sustained support and participation from consumers, with steeper reductions required each year since the scenario’s initial release. Third-party scenarios discussed in these reports reflect the modeling assumptions and outputs of their respective authors, not ExxonMobil, and their use or inclusion herein is not an endorsement by ExxonMobil of their underlying assumptions, likelihood, or probability. Investment decisions are made on the basis of ExxonMobil’s separate planning process but may be secondarily tested for robustness or resiliency against different assumptions, including against various scenarios. These reports contain information from third parties. ExxonMobil makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, ExxonMobil received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. ExxonMobil has also provided links in this report to third-party websites for ease of reference. ExxonMobil’s use of the third-party content is not an endorsement or adoption of such information. ExxonMobil reported emissions, including reductions and avoidance performance data, are based on a combination of measured and estimated data. We assess our performance to support continuous improvement throughout the organization using our Environmental Performance Indicator (EPI) manual. The reporting guidelines and indicators in the Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API), the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (4th edition, 2020, revised February 2023) and key chapters of the GHG Protocol inform the EPI and the selection of the data reported. Emissions reported are estimates only, and performance data depends on variations in processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, the quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Emissions data is subject to change as methods, data quality, and technology improvements occur, and changes to performance data may be updated. Emissions, reductions, abatements and enabled avoidance estimates for non-ExxonMobil operated facilities are included in the equity data and similarly may be updated as changes in the performance data are reported. ExxonMobil’s plans to reduce emissions are good-faith efforts based on current relevant data and methodology, which could be changed or refined. ExxonMobil works to continuously improve its approach to estimate, detect, measure, and address emissions. ExxonMobil actively engages with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates. Any reference to ExxonMobil’s support of, work with, or collaboration with a third-party organization within these publications do not constitute or imply an endorsement by ExxonMobil of any or all of the positions or activities of such organization. ExxonMobil participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, projects, groups, trade organizations, and other collaborations among industry and through organizations like the United Nations that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions, sustainability, and the energy transition. ExxonMobil’s participation or membership in such collaborations is not a promise or guarantee that ExxonMobil’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies will align with the collective ambitions of the organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants, all of which are subject to a variety of uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond ExxonMobil’s control, including government regulation, availability and cost-effectiveness of technologies, and market forces and other risks and uncertainties. Such third parties’ statements of collaborative or individual ambitions and goals frequently diverge from ExxonMobil’s own ambitions, plans, goals, and commitments. ExxonMobil will continue to make independent decisions regarding the operation of its business, including its climate-related and sustainability-related ambitions, plans, goals, commitments, and investments. ExxonMobil’s future ambitions, goals and commitments reflect ExxonMobil’s current plans, and ExxonMobil may unilaterally change them for various reasons, including adoption of new reporting standards or practices, market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. References to “resources, ” “resource base, ” “recoverable resources” and similar terms refer to the total remaining estimated quantities of oil and natural gas that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The resource base includes quantities of oil and natural gas classified as proved reserves, as well as quantities that are not yet classified as proved reserves, but that are expected to be ultimately recoverable. The term “resource base” is not intended to correspond to SEC definitions such as “probable” or “possible” reserves. For additional information, see the “Frequently Used Terms” on the Investors page of the Company’s website at www. exxonmobil. com under the header “Modeling Toolkit. ” References to “oil” and “gas” include crude, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. The term “project” as used in these publications can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Exxon Mobil Corporation has numerous affiliates, many with names that include ExxonMobil, Exxon, Mobil, Esso, and XTO. For convenience and simplicity, those terms and terms such as “Corporation, ” “company, ” “our, ” “we, ” and “its” are sometimes used as abbreviated references to one or more specific affiliates or affiliate groups. Abbreviated references describing global or regional operational organizations, and global or regional business lines are also sometimes used for convenience and simplicity. Nothing contained herein is intended to override the corporate separateness of affiliated companies. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s goals do not guarantee any action or future performance by its affiliates or Exxon Mobil Corporation’s responsibility for those affiliates’ actions and future performance, each affiliate of which manages its own affairs. For convenience and simplicity, words like venture, joint venture, partnership, co-venturer and partner are used to indicate business relationships involving common activities and interests, and those words may not indicate precise legal relationships. These publications cover Exxon Mobil Corporation’s owned and operated businesses and do not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors or partners unless otherwise noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which ExxonMobil is the operator, we often exercise influence but not control. Thus, the governance, processes, management and strategy of these joint ventures may differ from those in these reports. At the time of publication, ExxonMobil has completed the acquisitions of Denbury Inc. and Pioneer Natural Resources Company. These reports and the data therein do not speak of these companies’ pre-acquisition governance, risk management, strategy approaches, or emissions or sustainability performance unless specifically referenced. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION FOR NON-GAAP AND OTHER MEASURES The Positioned for Growth in a Lower-Emission Future section of the Advancing Climate Solutions Report mentions modeled operating cash flow in comparing different businesses over time in a future scenario. Historic operating cash flow is defined as net income, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization for consolidated and equity companies, plus noncash adjustments related to asset retirement obligations plus proceeds from asset sales. The Company’s long-term portfolio modeling estimates operating cash flow as revenue or margins less cash expenses, taxes and abandonment expenditures plus proceeds from asset sales before portfolio capital expenditures. The Company believes this measure can be helpful in assessing the resiliency of the business to generate cash from different potential future markets. The performance data presented in the Advancing Climate Solutions Report and Sustainability Report, including on emissions, is not financial data and is not GAAP data. Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-07 13:19:00 | https://corporate.exxonmobil.com | 3.09 KB ===

Exxon Mobil Corporation | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) $114. 50 $0. 82 (0. 72%) 4: 00pm ET • Nov. 6, 2025 The need for energy is universal. That's why ExxonMobil scientists and engineers are pioneering new research and pursuing new technologies to reduce emissions while creating more efficient fuels. We're committed to responsibly meeting the world's energy needs. Who we are Trending topics Carbon capture and storage Carbon capture Advanced recycling Materials for modern living EU Competitiveness: practical policy for a better future Hydrogen Hydrogen Lower-emission fuels Transforming transportation Latest news ExxonMobil announces leadership changes Corporate governance 2 min read ExxonMobil announces third-quarter 2025 results Investors 8 min read Kids’ Meals ExxonMobil Campus to serve 26, 000 meals each weekday to preschool-aged children by 2031 United States 3 min read LNG: Powering progress today and tomorrow LNG 3 min read Your shares, your say: ensuring retail investors are heard Investors 3 min read Superior Graphite, Superior Acquisitions for Synthetic Graphite Production News 2 min read Our global organization Left Arrow Right arrow ExxonMobil's three primary businesses provide products that enable modern life, including energy, chemicals, lubricants, and lower-emissions technologies. We have an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and we're one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. Upstream Focused on strengthening energy security by expanding low-cost-of-supply, high-return oil and natural gas operations. Learn more about our Upstream business Product Solutions Integrating our downstream and chemical operations to develop lower-emission fuels and innovative products critical to modern society. Learn more about our Downstream business Learn more about our Chemical business Low Carbon Solutions Helping reduce emissions by providing solutions to our industrial and commercial customers in growing markets for carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and biofuels. Learn more about our Low Carbon Solutions business Our global brands ExxonMobil manages an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and is one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. We’ve evolved our operating model and global organization to better leverage the scale of our increasingly integrated company and global brands. Explore our global brands Left Arrow Right arrow About us Our history Corporate governance Management Committee Guiding principles Policy Suppliers Careers Explore career paths Benefits Investing in people Global diversity Job openings Motorists Find a service station Loyalty and payment Synergy™ Fuels Motor oils and other lubricants Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all




# --- https://corporate.exxonmobil.com ---
Exxon Mobil Corporation | ExxonMobil Skip to content close Search Search Popular searches Community Sustainability Carbon capture and storage Hydrogen Careers Our global organization Publications Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) $119. 78 $1. 56 (1. 32%) 4: 00pm ET • Nov. 11, 2025 The need for energy is universal. That's why ExxonMobil scientists and engineers are pioneering new research and pursuing new technologies to reduce emissions while creating more efficient fuels. We're committed to responsibly meeting the world's energy needs. Who we are Trending topics Carbon capture and storage Carbon capture Advanced recycling Materials for modern living EU Competitiveness: practical policy for a better future Hydrogen Hydrogen Lower-emission fuels Transforming transportation Latest news ExxonMobil announces leadership changes Corporate governance 2 min read ExxonMobil announces third-quarter 2025 results Investors 8 min read Kids’ Meals ExxonMobil Campus to serve 26, 000 meals each weekday to preschool-aged children by 2031 United States 3 min read LNG: Powering progress today and tomorrow LNG 3 min read Your shares, your say: ensuring retail investors are heard Investors 3 min read Superior Graphite, Superior Acquisitions for Synthetic Graphite Production News 2 min read Our global organization Left Arrow Right arrow ExxonMobil's three primary businesses provide products that enable modern life, including energy, chemicals, lubricants, and lower-emissions technologies. We have an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and we're one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. Upstream Focused on strengthening energy security by expanding low-cost-of-supply, high-return oil and natural gas operations. Learn more about our Upstream business Product Solutions Integrating our downstream and chemical operations to develop lower-emission fuels and innovative products critical to modern society. Learn more about our Downstream business Learn more about our Chemical business Low Carbon Solutions Helping reduce emissions by providing solutions to our industrial and commercial customers in growing markets for carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and biofuels. Learn more about our Low Carbon Solutions business Our global brands ExxonMobil manages an industry-leading portfolio of resources, and is one of the largest integrated fuels, lubricants and chemical companies in the world. We’ve evolved our operating model and global organization to better leverage the scale of our increasingly integrated company and global brands. Explore our global brands Left Arrow Right arrow About us Our history Corporate governance Management Committee Guiding principles Policy Suppliers Careers Explore career paths Benefits Investing in people Global diversity Job openings Motorists Find a service station Loyalty and payment Synergy™ Fuels Motor oils and other lubricants Privacy preference center Privacy preference center More information Always active Allow all Leg. Interest Allow all label Allow all label Allow all label Name _clsk Host corporate. exxonmobil. com Duration Session Type First Party Category Description Used by Microsoft Clarity to connect multiple page views by a user into a single Clarity session recording. Name _ga Host corporate. exxonmobil. com Duration A few seconds Type First Party Category Description Name _gclxxxx Host exxonmobil. com Duration 90 Days Type First Party Category Description Name _ga_xxxxxxxxxx Host exxonmobil. com Duration 399 Days Type First Party Category Description Name _clck Host corporate. exxonmobil. com Duration Session Type First Party Category Description Name _gid Host corporate. exxonmobil. com Duration A few seconds Type First Party Category Description Name _ga_xxxxxxxxxx Host corporate. exxonmobil. com Duration Session Type First Party Category Description NAUsed by Google Analytics to identify and track an individual session with your device. Name _uetvid Host corporate. exxonmobil. com Duration Session Type First Party Category Description Name _gid Host exxonmobil. com Duration A few seconds Type First Party Category Description Name _clsk Host exxonmobil. com Duration A few seconds Type First Party Category Description Used by Microsoft Clarity to connect multiple page views by a user into a single Clarity session recording. Name _clck Host exxonmobil. com Duration 364 Days Type First Party Category Description Name _ga Host exxonmobil. com Duration 399 Days Type First Party Category Description c. clarity. ms Name SM Host c. clarity. ms Duration Session Type Third Party Category Description This domain is associated with Microsoft Clarity, a web analytics product that provides insights on user behavior and website performance. Name MR Host c. clarity. ms Duration 6 Days Type Third Party Category Description This domain is associated with Microsoft Clarity, a web analytics product that provides insights on user behavior and website performance. cm. teads. tv Name ar_debug Host cm. teads. tv Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Category Description www. clarity. ms Name _clsk Host www. clarity. ms Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Category Description This domain is associated with Microsoft Clarity, a user behavior analytics tool that helps website owners to understand how users are interacting with their website. Clear Filters label label label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all
