=== 2025-11-06 17:09:14 | https://decarboncongress.com/programme/?utm_source=media;utm_medium=offshore_technology;utm_campaign=july25;utm_content=calendar_Vladislava | 5.21 KB ===

Event programme | DECARBON 2026 Programme 2026 DECARBON 2026 business programme aims to address the critical challenges in the decarbonisation of the Oil and Gas industry and meet companies’ needs to discuss technical, economical and strategic questions of the segment within one cohesive event. Highlights of the programme 2 days business programme 20+ hours of networking 20+ hours of cases and discussion Executive Opening Panel C-level discussion on the key steps to decarbonise the industry Digital approach to sustainability Implementation of digital solutions in sustainable transformation Leaders Panel: Low carbon hydrogen The role of H2 explored by the top voices of the industry 3 streams Business Programme covers pecuilarities of decarbonisation of the whole value chain: Upstream, Midstream, Downstream Regulations and the cost of Decarbonisation The impact of regulations and financial uncertainty on energy transition Low-carbon fuels and feedstock Alternative fuels and innovations to decarbonise the Downstream segment Energy Efficiency in Downstream Ways to increase operational excellence and reduce the costs CCUS Successful implementation of CCUS technologies in all streams Speakers 2026 DECARBON focuses on innovative industry-led content: Oil and Gas industry initiatives for low carbon efficiency, challenging topics, and new technologies. The business programme is booked for the experts from Oil and Gas companies, EPCs, Pipeline Operators, Refineries and Petrochemical plants, together with equipment manufacturers and service providers to share exclusive case studies, new research, and insights. Tomasz Jarmicki Director Orlen S. A. Fabio Ferrari Circular Carbon and Integration Solutions Head of Department NextChem Jesus Losada Maseda Business Development Manager Reganosa Dr. Bo Fu CEO Oiler. ai Camilla Montemurro Policy Advisor Eurogas Dr. Ales Bulc Technical Lead Hydrogen Wood Tjerk Joustra Manager Business Development Shell Ventures Rainer Klöpfer Country Chair & Managing Director Shell Bernhard Painz Member of the Board Austrian Gas Grid Management AG Enrico Giglioli Chief New Initiatives Officer Saras S. p. A. Kleopatra Avraam Strategic Planning Senior Director Hellenic Gas Transmission System Operator (DESFA) S. A. Massimiliano Branchi Chief People, HSEQ, and Sustainability Officer Saipem SpA Alexander Vink Commercial Director CCS Gasunie Michiel Baerends Process Director Fluor Marek Drywa Director, Business Development Worley Philip Cooper Project Director Petrofac Ali Aboosi Business Development Manager Chromalox Christian D’Adamo Head of Operations Italgas S. p. A. Andreas Grobler Strategic Partnership Manager Energy Transition Germany Shell Simos Efthymiadis Operations Director ELINOIL S. A. Jens Wulff СЕО NEUMAN & ESSER Deutschland GmbH Tamás Mérő Head of Green Hydrogen Value Chain Management MOL Group Luigi Crolla Head of Energy Transition Technologies Kent John Hung Senior Director (Global category - Operations) BP Abhay Chand CEO Petro IT Gleb Veryasov R&D Team Leader - Gas Circularity and Valorization TotalEnergies David Wendel Managing Director ETS Degassing Ulrich Tiefes Pipeline Manager Wintershall Noordzee B. V. Nick Ferguson Chief Evangelist LiveEO Dr. Marc Scherle Project Manager Business Development & Sales Linde Engineering Robert Paulnsteiner Advisor New Technologies OMV Downstream GmbH Fayez Al-Mezel Business Planning Specialist Kuwait Oil Company Florian Klein Business Development Manager Energy Transition Linde Engineering Mario Calado Industry Strategy Lead Siemens AG Ann Robin Business Development Director - Industry Gradyent Oliver Altenhoff Head of Regulatory Affairs OGE Matteo Restelli Infrastructures Development Director - Gas Assets Division Edison SpA Javier Manzano Technology Commercial Director Tecnicas Reunidas SA Markus Mühlmann Head of Global Project Management and Engineering TAL Group Mohammed Attaba Senior Downstream Oil Industry Analyst OPEC Tomasz Jarmicki Director Orlen S. A. Fabio Ferrari Circular Carbon and Integration Solutions Head of Department NextChem Jesus Losada Maseda Business Development Manager Reganosa Dr. Bo Fu CEO Oiler. ai Camilla Montemurro Policy Advisor Eurogas Dr. Ales Bulc Technical Lead Hydrogen Wood Tjerk Joustra Manager Business Development Shell Ventures Rainer Klöpfer Country Chair & Managing Director Shell Bernhard Painz Member of the Board Austrian Gas Grid Management AG Enrico Giglioli Chief New Initiatives Officer Saras S. p. A. Kleopatra Avraam Strategic Planning Senior Director Hellenic Gas Transmission System Operator (DESFA) S. A. Massimiliano Branchi Chief People, HSEQ, and Sustainability Officer Saipem SpA Alexander Vink Commercial Director CCS Gasunie Michiel Baerends Process Director Fluor Marek Drywa Director, Business Development Worley Philip Cooper Project Director Petrofac Request full programme GALA DINNER. TASTE THE NETWORKING Gala Dinner is not only about local cuisine and house wines, it is an additional opportunity to continue networking and strengthen the new business relations. Relaxed atmosphere, no ties, and soft jazz playing in the background are the ingredients that make networking more friendly and productive. * Gala Dinner Pass can be reserved only by the attendees of the Congress. Reserve a pass* More information Ок




# --- https://decarboncongress.com/privacy-policy ---
We know you value your privacy. That’s why we are committed to protecting your personal information in accordance with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation). As part of its activities, the company provides services in the formation of expert space for business communication and exchange of professional experience, creation and strengthening of partnerships for solving business problems among representatives of the respective industry, by organizing and conducting business events (congresses, exhibitions, etc. ). WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? Personal data processed under this Policy may be in the following categories: personal data provided by the User in accordance with the registration form posted on the Site, namely: last name, first name, patronymic of the User; contact phone number of the User; e-mail address (e-mail) of the Account; the name of the company represented by the User, the position of the User. personal data, which are automatically transmitted during the visit of the User: IP address, to identify and solve technical problems; information about the browser (or other program that accesses the site); access time; Page addresses visited; referer (previous page address). Categories of subjects of personal data in accordance with this Policy include: Customers and contractors of the company (natural persons); Representatives/employees of customers and contractors of the company (legal entities); OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We use your personal data: To provide you with our services. We will need to use your data where it is necessary for us to perform our obligations under a contract with you. To have full confidence that your requirements are met when we provide our services. We may use your PERSONAL DATA to better understand your requirements and preferences so that we can provide you with a tailored experience. To tell you about our special offers, events, services. We will need to use your email, telephone number to send you information about services that you may be interested in. To analyse user traffic to measure the use of our websites and to improve the content of our websites and our services. We may sometimes use your personal data (e. g. your IP address) to measure the use of our websites and assess the effectiveness of our website pages. To comply with legal requirements. We may need to process your data to comply with legal requirements which we are subject to. The processing of personal data of the User is carried out without limitation of the term of such processing, by any lawful way, including in information systems of personal data using or without means of automation (collection, analysis, recording, systematization, stockpiling, storage, clarification (update, modification), retrieval, use, transfer (dissemination, provision, access), anonymization, blocking, deletion, destruction of personal data). Processing of personal data ceases: in case of expiry of the consent for processing of personal data of the subject; in case of withdrawal of consent to processing of personal data by the subject of personal data; in case of detection of improper processing of personal data. When the purpose of processing personal data has been achieved, as well as in the event that the subject withdraws his or her personal data from the processing, personal data shall be destroyed if: the other is not provided for by the contract to which the beneficiary or guarantor of which is the subject of personal data; The company may not process personal data without the consent of the subject on the grounds provided by federal laws; otherwise not provided by any other agreement between the company and the subject of personal data. e are subject to). INFORMATION WE RECEIVE AND COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES: We may receive information about you from other websites operated by the BGS Group events group or from the other services that we provide. We also work closely with third parties such as payment processors and contractors and may receive information about you from them. We may also collect information about you from publicly available sources, including publicly available content on social media. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We use administrative and technical measures to safeguard personal information against loss, theft and unauthorised uses, access or modifications. Some of the parts of our websites may be password protected. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password(s) with anyone. TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We share your information with our trusted third-party service providers who manage our websites. These third parties provide specific services and administer activities offered at our website; for example, call and email centre and credit card processing. These third parties are not authorised to discuss or make any use of your personal information; it can only be used to provide such services. If you register for one of our events, we also provide your information to our trusted event partners. These partners adhere to the same strict privacy guidelines as BGS Group LLC. This information is collected, including for the purpose of its subsequent provision to third parties, from among the participants of the event, in which the Data Subject also participates, acting as a representative of the client, to establish professional and B2B contacts between the participants. Occasionally, we may also use third parties to help us collect and aggregate site guest and customer information. We may share this aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with existing and prospective business partners and advertisers. None of the aggregate information will contain any information that identifies you individually. YOUR RIGHTS You have the following rights in accordance with a GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation): The right to access the information we hold about you The right to have your information corrected or deleted (you can do it yourself if you are registered user or you can require us by phone or email). The right to object to the processing of your personal data (you can ask us to stop processing your personal information). The right to have your data transmitted to another organisation (if we hold your personal information with your consent, you have a right to ask us to transmit the data to a third party in a structured format if it is technically feasible). The right to file a complaint (You have the right to make a complaint with the data protection authorities if you believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws). technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type, and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating systems and platform; information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstreams to, on and from our websites, products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call us. The first type is saved on your device and updates the information each time you enter the website. The data that remains unchanged is sourced from your computer using the information from your previous visit. This way you get quicker access to the information on the page. info@bgs. group. Last edit: 04-08-2023 More information Ок
