

# --- https://www.eia.gov/outlooks/ieo/climate.php ---
Climate Considerations in the International Energy Outlook 2023 (IEO2023) - U. S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) EIA is continuing normal publication schedules and data collection until further notice. Analysis & Projections International Energy Outlook 2023 Release Date: October 11, 2023 Next Release Date: TBD IEO Narrative PDF IEO Narrative Figures XLSX Skip to page content Overview Data Reference and side case tables Interactive Table Viewer Narrative Administrator's Foreword Executive Summary Introduction Increasing population and income offset the effects of declining energy and carbon intensity on emissions The shift to renewables to meet growing electricity demand is driven by regional resources, technology costs, and policy Energy security concerns hasten a transition from fossil fuels in some countries, although they drive increased fossil fuel consumption in others Appendix A: Case descriptions Appendix B: Modeling assumptions regarding Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine Appendix C: New modeling regions Footnotes Back to current IEO Climate Considerations in the International Energy Outlook 2023 (IEO2023) Release date: October 11, 2023 Executive Summary When developing our International Energy Outlook (IEO) cases, we include only existing climate laws and regulations that can be reasonably quantified using our World Energy Projection System (WEPS). Our IEO cases can serve as a basis to assess future energy policy. Background EIA's International Energy Outlook 2023 (IEO2023) presents our long-term analysis of global energy markets across various fuels, technologies, and end-use sectors through 2050. We develop the IEO using WEPS, an integrated economic model, which captures long-term relationships among energy supply, demand, and prices across regional markets. Inputs to WEPS include various assumptions addressing the future uncertainty of technological developments, demographic changes, economic trends, and resource availability, such as oil prices and rates of GDP growth. Climate laws are an important economic consideration because they play an increasing role in shaping long-term energy consumption and production patterns. A number of net-zero and fossil-fuel-reduction goals and policies have been announced since IEO2021, which was published on October 6, 2021. These goals and policies are especially prevalent in OECD countries and in the electricity and industrial sectors. These policies have a number of energy market impacts: Some laws directly limit fuel consumption or production. For example, a carbon emissions cap means that the total amount of fuel used in a market cannot exceed the cap via emissions produced by that fuel's end use. A vehicle tailpipe emission (fuel consumption) standard would similarly require fuel consumption limits. Some laws affect behavior, such as a price penalty (tax) for higher-carbon behaviors or an economic incentive for implementing lower-carbon technologies. The IEO2023 cases include both policy types—policies that directly or indirectly target energy-related carbon dioxide emissions—as they relate to energy markets and where modeling allows. The energy sector components of a country's Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) are included where they're codified in laws and regulations. The WEPS model only represents emissions released from fossil fuel combustion related to energy use. Policies aimed at creating emissions sinks (such as forestry policies) and greenhouse gases (such as methane) aren't accounted for in our projections. As countries enact climate-related policies, our model projects an increased prevalence of higher-efficiency technologies, which offsets the growth rate of overall energy consumption. In addition, during the projection period (2022–2050) it becomes more economically favorable to use less carbon-intensive sources of energy to meet demand. In summary, active climate policies are meaningful, relevant, and timely inputs to our IEO. We include existing international climate laws and regulations in our IEO2023 cases. Because our climate policy assumptions reflect current laws and regulations, they remain the same across all modeled cases in IEO2023. In some regions, the distinction between policy statements and law is not clear. In these cases, our analysts use their best judgment, based on their expertise in those areas. Analyst judgement may incorporate many considerations, including: A country's previous history in achieving policy statement requirements A country's financial ability to achieve policy statement requirements A country's economic incentives related to policy statement requirements Existing contracts (for example, liquefied natural gas) Regional trade flows Downloads full report About the International Energy Outlook Contact Information and Staff Press Release World Energy Projection System Source Code Previous Editions of the IEO Select Year dropdown arrow 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2014 2013 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 See all Back to current IEO Documentation and Assumptions Model documentation Climate Considerations in the International Energy Outlook 2023 (IEO2023) IEO2023 Fact sheet: World Hydrocarbon Activity Model IEO2023 Fact sheet: International Renewable Storage Model
