=== 2025-11-06 06:42:55 | https://www.energy.gov | 4.20 KB ===

Department of Energy Skip to main content Official websites use. gov A. gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure. gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( ) or means you’ve safely connected to the. gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Notice of Court Orders. Click here to read. Powering today, Transforming tomorrow. Front page carousel Fusion Science and Technology Roadmap The Fusion Science and Technology Roadmap is a national strategy to accelerate the development and commercialization of fusion energy on the most rapid, responsible timeline in history. Read more here Strengthen U. S. Grid Reliability DOE closed a loan guarantee to strengthen grid reliability and ensure lower electricity costs across the midwestern region of the United States. Read more here Global Artificial Intelligence Leadership DOE is establishing landmark public-private partnerships to deliver the DOE’s largest AI supercomputer and accelerate scientific discovery. Read more here Fusion Science and Technology Roadmap The Fusion Science and Technology Roadmap is a national strategy to accelerate the development and commercialization of fusion energy on the most rapid, responsible timeline in history. Read more here Strengthen U. S. Grid Reliability DOE closed a loan guarantee to strengthen grid reliability and ensure lower electricity costs across the midwestern region of the United States. Read more here Global Artificial Intelligence Leadership DOE is establishing landmark public-private partnerships to deliver the DOE’s largest AI supercomputer and accelerate scientific discovery. Read more here Fusion Science and Technology Roadmap The Fusion Science and Technology Roadmap is a national strategy to accelerate the development and commercialization of fusion energy on the most rapid, responsible timeline in history. Read more here Trending: LNG Exports Emergency Authority Vera C. Rubin Observatory Nuclear 101 Electromagnetic Spectrum Artificial Intelligence Latest News Energy Department Announces $625 Million to Advance the Next Phase of National Quantum Information Science Research Centers November 4, 2025 Coal Energy Department Announces $100 Million to Restore America’s Coal Plants October 31, 2025 Coal Loans Energy Department Announces Loan for Indiana Coal-Powered Fertilizer Facility October 29, 2025 Priorities Artificial Intelligence Energy Department Announces New Partnership with NVIDIA and Oracle to Build Largest DOE AI Supercomputer October 28, 2025 Learn More Exploring New Horizons See how the U. S. Department of Energy is pioneering the future and leading the world in cutting-edge research and innovation. Supercomputing The Department of Energy’s national labs host some of the most powerful computers in the world. October 16, 2025 Quantum Science Quantum information science has the potential to radically advance computing, sensing, and communications. October 16, 2025 Space Exploration and The Universe From supporting NASA to understanding the cosmos, DOE expands our knowledge of the universe. October 16, 2025 Cancer Research Cancer researchers use unique, world-leading scientific resources at DOE’s national laboratories. October 16, 2025 Biotechnology DOE is harnessing biology to advance U. S. prosperity for science, energy, sustainability, and security. October 16, 2025 Fusion Energy Fusion is a potential source of on-demand, safe, and abundant energy with zero carbon emissions. October 16, 2025 Artificial Intelligence AI brings enormous potential for the nation’s economic prosperity and national security. October 30, 2025 Administrations & National Labs Get to know our semi-independent organizations and see how they’re tackling the nation’s toughest challenges. National Nuclear Security Administration Learn More about National Nuclear Security Administration May 2, 2025 Power Marketing Administrations Learn More about Power Marketing Administrations October 16, 2025 U. S Department of Energy National Laboratories Learn More about U. S Department of Energy National Laboratories October 16, 2025 U. S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) Learn More about U. S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) October 16, 2025 Stay Connected Email


