=== 2025-11-07 13:18:59 | https://energypolitics.live.ft.com/?segmentId=670a71df-8084-ecde-e790-63bb7341b637 | 3.00 KB ===

International Energy Policy Forum 2026 - an FT Live Event Enter the Virtual Venue Enter the Virtual Venue Registered ticket holders can start to network with other attendees and explore the agenda. Explore more Registered User? Login Forgot Password? New User? Forgot Password? Login International Energy Policy Summit 2026 4 February 2026 | 9: 00 - 17: 00 Achieving energy security and industrial competitiveness through resilient infrastructure In-Person and Online | Steigenberger Hotel, Brussels Register for free Presented by In Partnership With Europe’s path to energy independence, clean industry growth and climate neutrality Europe's energy policy is undergoing a profound transformation, driven by a confluence of critical objectives: achieving energy independence from Russia, fostering a competitive clean industrial sector, and realising the ambitious goals of the Green Deal. This pivotal moment demands a comprehensive and integrated approach to ensure a secure, sustainable and economically vibrant future for the continent. To delve into this pivotal moment for European energy policy, the Financial Times, in partnership with Iberdrola, will once again convene leading experts and key stakeholders in Brussels. This high-level event will explore the evolving international policy landscape and chart the future direction of the clean energy transition. Discussions will focus on the profound geopolitical, economic and social implications for Europe as it navigates this complex and critical path. read full overview IN-PERSON PASS Gain access to in-person sessions, meet speakers and network with your peers. Breakfast and lunch included. Register Here DIGITAL PASS Access to live talks, Q&A and video on demand. Network and connect with your peers through our online community. Register Here Key Discussion Points Energy Independence and Security How can Europe successfully end its reliance on Russian energy by 2027 while diversifying supply and ensuring long-term resilience? Clean Industry and Innovation What role will the Clean Industrial Deal play in driving competitiveness, investment and leadership in clean technologies across Europe? Balancing Ambition and Reality How can the EU align energy transition, industrial growth and climate neutrality goals to achieve a sustainable and economically vibrant future? Full agenda coming soon. Venue The International Energy Policy Forum will be held at the Steigenberger Icon Wiltcher's which is located in Brussels. Address Steigenberger Icon Wiltcher's, Av. Louise 71, 1050 Bruxelles, Belgium Tel. : +32 2 542 42 42 Plan your experience We're Here To Help Speaking Opportunities Courtney Fingar courtney. fingar@ft. com Sponsorship opportunities Click here for more informatio n Frequently Asked Questions Click here for everything you need to know ftlive@ft. com © Financial Times Live FT Live and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice LEGAL Slavery Statement & Policies FT Live Event Code of Conduct FT Live Delegate Terms & Conditions


