=== 2025-11-10 09:34:47 | https://www.energyworkforce.org | 16.54 KB ===

Home - Energy Workforce & Technology Council WELCOME TO ENERGY WORKFORCE WE ARE DRIVING INNOVATION. We are empowering the energy workforce of the future by educating, supporting and advocating for energy companies and the workers of today and tomorrow. Our foresight and expertise elevate our industry with governments, industry partners and communities around the globe. And we foster innovations that will shape our industry and improve our changing world. Learn More → EFFECTIVE LEADERSHIP Workforce Development Programs The 2026 Workforce Development Programs are open for registration. Learn more about the Executive Leadership Program, Frontline Leadership Programs, Finance for Non-Finance Professionals Program and more. LEARN MORE → CERTIFICATION PROGRAM SecureWell: Well Control & Containment Certification Program SecureWell is a first-of-its kind course that contains purpose-driven, comprehensive and practical training for cased hole well operations. Created by well control and well servicing experts, the course offers certification through classroom training, field assessment and skills verification. LEARN MORE → WELCOME TO ENERGY WORKFORCE WE ARE DRIVING INNOVATION. We are empowering the energy workforce of the future by educating, supporting and advocating for energy companies and the workers of today and tomorrow. Our foresight and expertise elevate our industry with governments, industry partners and communities around the globe. And we foster innovations that will shape our industry and improve our changing world. Learn More → EFFECTIVE LEADERSHIP Workforce Development Programs The 2026 Workforce Development Programs are open for registration. Learn more about the Executive Leadership Program, Frontline Leadership Programs, Finance for Non-Finance Professionals Program and more. LEARN MORE → CERTIFICATION PROGRAM SecureWell: Well Control & Containment Certification Program SecureWell is a first-of-its kind course that contains purpose-driven, comprehensive and practical training for cased hole well operations. Created by well control and well servicing experts, the course offers certification through classroom training, field assessment and skills verification. LEARN MORE → WELCOME TO ENERGY WORKFORCE WE ARE DRIVING INNOVATION. We are empowering the energy workforce of the future by educating, supporting and advocating for energy companies and the workers of today and tomorrow. Our foresight and expertise elevate our industry with governments, industry partners and communities around the globe. And we foster innovations that will shape our industry and improve our changing world. Learn More → Latest News Government Shutdown Drags On, Faint Glimmer of Hope for An End in Sight November 6, 2025 Strengthening Leadership from the Inside Out with “7 Habits” October 30, 2025 EWTC President Molly Determan Discussing Redefining Leadership: Shifting from Skillset to Mindset October 30, 2025 Exploring the Energy Value Chain: Highlights from the Oil and Gas 101 Seminar November 6, 2025 Frontline Leadership Program Explores What Sets Great Leaders Apart November 6, 2025 EWTC Expands International Coverage with Launch of New Brazil Chapter November 6, 2025 Government Shutdown Drags On, Faint Glimmer of Hope for An End in Sight November 6, 2025 Strengthening Leadership from the Inside Out with “7 Habits” October 30, 2025 EWTC President Molly Determan Discussing Redefining Leadership: Shifting from Skillset to Mindset October 30, 2025 Exploring the Energy Value Chain: Highlights from the Oil and Gas 101 Seminar November 6, 2025 Frontline Leadership Program Explores What Sets Great Leaders Apart November 6, 2025 EWTC Expands International Coverage with Launch of New Brazil Chapter November 6, 2025 Government Shutdown Drags On, Faint Glimmer of Hope for An End in Sight November 6, 2025 Strengthening Leadership from the Inside Out with “7 Habits” October 30, 2025 EWTC President Molly Determan Discussing Redefining Leadership: Shifting from Skillset to Mindset October 30, 2025 What We Do Empowering the Energy Workforce of the Future We are transforming energy by giving our members the resources and representation to enable a secure energy future – safely, economically and reliably. We connect, educate, support and advocate for energy companies and workers of today and tomorrow. Our foresight and expertise elevate our industry with governments, industry partners and communities in the United States and around the world. Our Members foster innovations that will provide energy security to the world for years to come. BOARD OF DIRECTORS​ Energy Workforce’s leadership is comprised of experienced industry executives dedicated to advancing priorities of the energy technology and services sector. Learn more → Member Directory Find contact, product, service, and rental equipment details provided by our member companies. Learn more → Membership Energy Workforce provides corporate membership opportunities in four categories: Industry, Allied, International and Industry Partner. Membership dues are paid annually. Learn more → Upcoming events Meetings and Events Fifth Annual Middle East Chapter Golf Tournament November 7, 2025 11 a. m. - 9 p. m. Dubai, United Arab Emirates Oklahoma Chapter Clay Shoot November 7, 2025 9 a. m. - 1 p. m. Kingfisher, OK Permian Basin Clay Shoot November 11, 2025 Noon - 4 p. m. Midland, TX Energy Workforce provides more than 120 meetings throughout the year facilitating face-to-face exposure, best practices, training and networking with customers and peers. Check all Events → We are social Recent Tweets Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Industry professionals gathered today at Cedar Gate in Kingfisher, OK for the Oklahoma Chapter Clay Shoot. 🎯 Participants spent the day networking, connecting with peers and enjoying some friendly competition in support of Energy education, raising funds for aspiring scholars… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Thank you to everyone who joined us today for the Fifth Annual Middle East Golf Tournament sponsored by @ForumEnergyTech. ⛳ Congratulations to the winning team, @steelalloysvc! 🥇Daniel Watson 🥇Brad Benditz 🥇John Ray 🥇Campbell MacPherson A huge thank you to our sponsors… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Show Thread Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce The final session of the Integrated Leadership program, facilitated by @Heidrick, wrapped up today at @CaterpillarInc. Participants reflected on their leadership growth throughout the program, discussing accountability, communication, and empathy as essential traits of effective… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Show Thread Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce At @ADIPECOfficial Exhibition and Conference, Energy Workforce President Molly Determan joined leaders from @aramco and @KPMG for the roundtable “Empowering Organizations for a Future-Ready Energy Sector. ” Molly highlighted that adaptability is the new benchmark for… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce At ADIPEC Exhibition and Conference, Energy Workforce President Molly Determan joined the conversation on how innovation and adaptability are driving the next era of energy. “Public understanding hasn’t caught up with how much innovation is happening in this industry. Energy is… Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce The Cultivating High-Performing Teams and Cultures program concluded today with its fourth and final session, facilitated by @Heidrick. Participants began the day by reflecting on what they learned during their executive coaching sessions before exploring strategies for… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Show Thread Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Twitter feed image. Retweet on Twitter Energy Workforce & Technology Council Retweeted ADIPEC @ADIPECOfficial Moderated by Accenture, the ADIPEC 2025 AI Leadership Roundtable titled ‘The people side of Artificial Intelligence (AI): enhancing capabilities, safety, growth and innovation’ addressed lessons from across industries, exploring how energy companies can capture differentiated… Twitter feed video. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce The show continues at ADIPEC! 🚀 We’re proud to see our members leading conversations, sharing expertise and driving innovation. Energy Workforce President Molly Determan has been connecting with industry leaders and highlighting the value of Energy Workforce membership on the… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Don’t forget to register for the Permian Basin Clay Shoot! 📢 The Permian Basin Clay Shoot, hosted at Jake’s Clay in Midland, TX on November 11, gives members the opportunity to connect with peers and industry leaders while enjoying an afternoon of friendly competition. 🏆… Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Energy Workforce President Molly Determan and EWTC member companies @bakerhughesco, SLB, and @TechnipFMC joined global energy and technology leaders for the 🤖AI Leadership Roundtable, “The People Side of Artificial Intelligence: Enhancing Capabilities, Safety, Growth &… Twitter feed image. Retweet on Twitter Energy Workforce & Technology Council Retweeted ADIPEC @ADIPECOfficial Doug Burgum, 55th Secretary of the Interior and Chair of the National Energy Dominance Council, United States of America, delivered a powerful message on the path forward at the yesterdays Opening Ceremony. "The signal is that the demand for power is going to go up and up and… Twitter feed video. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Equip your new managers with the confidence and tools to become effective leaders. 💪 Join Energy Workforce on December 10-11 in Lafayette, Louisiana, at @ExproGroup for the two-day Core Leadership Skills for New and Upcoming Managers program. Designed for new and emerging… Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce At ADIPEC Exhibition and Conference, Energy Workforce President Molly Determan joined Ayesha Al Hammadi ( @ADNOCGroup ), Kristin Ruzicka ( @WeatherfordCorp ), and Prof. Professor Ghassan Aouad ( @abudhabiuni ), moderated by Gunjan Shroff ( @KPMG Middle East), for the panel “Next-Gen… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce EWTC President Molly Determan joined global energy, tech, and investment leaders at the ENACT Majlis in Abu Dhabi this week, digging into what it really takes to power the AI era with reliable energy and a skilled workforce. The conversations centered on using innovation and… ADNOC Group @ADNOCGroup استضفنا اليوم مجلس ENACT (تفعيل العمل) في أبوظبي، بالتعاون مع "مصدر" وXRG بمشاركة ما يزيد على 100 من القيادات العالمية لمناقشة الاستفادة من التكامل بين الطاقة والذكاء الاصطناعي باعتبارهما محركين توأمين لتسريع النمو العالمي. وفي ضوء التوقعات بزيادة طلب مراكز البيانات على… Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Energy Workforce & Technology Council is pleased to welcome Block 4 as a new member. Block 4 Direct is a trusted provider of high-quality oilfield supply, drilling equipment, and oil and gas field products sourced from leading manufacturers around the world. “We’re excited to… Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Join Energy Workforce at #ADIPEC2025 📷 Energy Workforce President Molly Determan will join global industry leaders in Abu Dhabi to discuss how the next generation of talent, leadership, and innovation are shaping the future of energy. She’ll take part in: • Panel: Next-Gen… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Oil & Gas 101 wrapped up with a deep dive into the systems and strategies that keep the industry moving forward. Perrin Boone, @WilliamsUpdates covered the midstream sector, emphasizing natural gas’s critical role in meeting rising energy and data center demand while reducing… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Day 2 of Oil & Gas 101 kicked off the morning by exploring the technology, infrastructure, and power systems driving today’s energy industry. Taylor Chapman, New Climate Ventures, opened with insights on AI, data centers, and power demand, outlining how the surge in digital… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce The afternoon session of Oil & Gas 101 dove into the technical side of exploration and drilling, giving participants a firsthand look at the science and engineering behind energy production. Andrew Royle, Suriname–Guyana Exploration Technical Lead, @Chevron, walked attendees… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Show Thread Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce 👏 Congratulations to the latest graduates of the Front Line Leadership Program hosted at @WarrenCAT! This two-day experiential program, delivered in partnership with Heidrick & Struggles, equips early-stage leaders with practical tools to build trust, coach effectively, and… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Show Thread Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Energy Workforce & Technology Council officially launched its Brazil section of the Latin America Chapter this week, expanding engagement and collaboration across the region. The kickoff event in Rio brought together member companies, government officials, and industry leaders… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Retweet on Twitter Energy Workforce & Technology Council Retweeted H2Tech @H2TechOnline Interesting panel discussion at #WGLC25 on the evolving #mindset of #leadership: #delegate, #empower others, #influence, etc. Find out more about WGLC: @EnergyWorkforce #TechnipFMC #CoastalChemical #TCEnergy #Sempra Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce Kicking off this morning's Oil & Gas 101 course! Oil and Gas 101 brings together professionals across the energy sector for a comprehensive look at the business of oil and gas, from exploration and drilling to production, economics, and policy. EWTC President Molly Determan… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Energy Workforce & Technology Council @EnergyWorkforce At this year’s Women’s Global Leadership Conference, Energy Workforce President Molly Determan moderated a compelling discussion on evolving the leadership mindset. Joining her on the panel were: Donna Broz, Engineering Technical Services Manager, @CoastalChemical Mandeep… Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Twitter feed image. Retweet on Twitter Energy Workforce & Technology Council Retweeted Gas Processing @Gas_Processing Interesting panel discussion at #WGLC25 on the evolving #mindset of #leadership: #delegate, #empower others, #influence, etc. Find out more about WGLC: @EnergyWorkforce #TechnipFMC #CoastalChemical #TCEnergy #Sempra Twitter feed image. Tweets by @TwitterDev → Let's collaborate Register → Featured Videos Discover how the Energy Workforce Members are turning the tide of possibility in the energy industry ENERGY NEWS Stay Connected Previous Slide Next Slide Share Facebook Share Twitter Share Linkedin Share Pinterest Share Email Share Twitter Twitter Hide Tweet (admin) Add this ID to the plugin's Hide Specific Tweets setting:


=== 2025-11-10 09:39:08 | https://www.energyworkforce.org/energy-workforce-technology-council-relaunches-oklahoma-chapter | 2.34 KB ===

Energy Workforce & Technology Council Relaunches Oklahoma Chapter - Energy Workforce & Technology Council Energy Workforce & Technology Council Relaunches Oklahoma Chapter June 15, 2022 10: 34 am Energy Workforce News, Oklahoma On June 14, Energy Workforce & Technology Council relaunched the Oklahoma Chapter with a steering committee meeting to discuss chapter scope and future plans. The chapter will be chaired by Dustin Anderson, Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Kimray. “Kimray values our Energy Workforce membership because of the education and leadership development resources provided to our company. I look forward to working with the Chapter to expanding what the Energy Workforce offers nationally through trainings, advocacy and scholarships locally in Oklahoma. ” Dustin Anderson, Kimray Energy Workforce CEO Leslie Beyer and COO Molly Determan provided an overview of the association and how the chapters can align their activities for greater impact. “Oklahoma is an energy powerhouse region, and we are very excited to relaunch the Oklahoma chapter, ” Beyer said. “We look forward to working with the Chapter to develop programs of interest to Energy Workforce Members and specifically for the Oklahoma Chapter in education and workforce. ” Energy Workforce Chapters build strategic relationships with regional stakeholders and hold regional membership meetings with executive-level speakers from leading exploration and production companies. Additionally, Chapters raise money for the Energy Workforce scholarship program. With the addition of the Oklahoma chapter, Energy Workforce has 15 regional chapters and two international chapters, including the Latin America Chapter and the Middle East Chapter. Regional chapters include the Appalachian Basin, California, Four Corners, Gulf Coast, Kansas, Mississippi, Natchez, North Texas, Oklahoma, Panhandle/Tri-State, Permian Basin, Rocky Mountain, South Louisiana, South Texas and Williston Basin. For more information on joining or leading a Chapter, contact COO Molly Determan. Corry Schiermeyer, Senior Director Communications, writes about governmental policies for the Energy Workforce & Technology Council. Click here Oklahoma Chapter Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Prev Previous Implications of Freeport LNG Fire Continue to Grow Next Don’t Miss the Summer Meeting Auction Next ENERGY NEWS Stay Connected


