

# --- https://foundation.wikimedia.org/wiki/Policy:Cookie_statement ---
Jump to content From Wikimedia Foundation Governance Wiki Translate this page Other languages: Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Boarisch Deutsch English Nederlands Tiếng Việt Türkçe català dansk español français magyar norsk bokmål norsk nynorsk polski português português do Brasil română slovenščina čeština Ελληνικά беларуская (тарашкевіца) български кыргызча русский עברית العربية فارسی नेपाली हिन्दी বাংলা ગુજરાતી മലയാളം සිංහල ไทย ລາວ မြန်မာဘာသာ አማርኛ 中文 日本語 This policy is approved by the Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees. It may not be circumvented, eroded, or ignored by Wikimedia Foundation officers or staff nor local policies of any Wikimedia project. Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this content and a translation, the original English version takes precedence. Wikimedia policies Wikimedia projects Access to nonpublic personal data Underage exemptions Access to temporary account IP addresses API usage guidelines Code of conduct for Wikimedia technical spaces, including events Combating online child exploitation Commercial sales and contracts Data collection guidelines Data publication guidelines Data retention guidelines Donor privacy SMS supplementary terms General disclaimer Human rights IP Information Tool Licensing Modifying CheckUser logs guidelines Office actions Privacy Non-wiki Wikimedia Maps Wikimedia Phabricator Terrorist and violent extremist content procedures and guidelines Trademarks Universal code of conduct Enforcement guidelines Foundation Board and staff Code of Conduct Board of Trustees Conflict of interest Confidentiality agreement of the Board of Trustees Credit card usage Delegation of authority Duty entertainment Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) policy Gifts Non-discrimination Policy and political association guideline Staff test account Staff userrights Travel and expense Whistleblower Other Expense reimbursement Feedback privacy statement Friendly space policy Investment policy Legal policies Open access policy Peering policy Purchasing and disbursements procedures Requests for user information Scholarship travel policy Service provider travel guidance v t e As stated in our. The Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that hosts the Wikimedia Sites, actively collects some types of information with a variety of commonly-used technologies. These generally include tracking pixels, JavaScript, and a variety of "locally stored data" technologies, such as and local storage. . Section 3 For more information on this and other key terms that may be relevant, please read through our. Functionality: Here are a few examples: Name Expires Category What does it do? centralauth_Token 365 days, if the user chooses 'Keep me logged in' or 90 days if the user edits using a temporary account. Otherwise omitted. Functionality Provides 'Keep me logged in' functionality (if editing from a standard account) or temporary account functionality (if editing without logging in). 365 days, if the user chooses 'Keep me logged in' or 90 days if the user edits using a temporary account. Otherwise 30 days. Functionality Helps identify you to the wiki, and keeps you logged in. loginnotify_prevlogins 180 days Functionality Verifies that you are logging in from a known device. This affects the threshold for how many unsuccessful login attempts trigger a notification to the user. centralauth_Session When user exits browser Functionality Manage sessions. Provides functionality such as logging in to Wikimedia Projects. Preferences: Here are a few examples: Name Expires Category What does it do? mwclientpreferences 30 days Preferences decision record. stopMobileRedirect 30 days Preferences Tells us not to redirect to the mobile site if you do not like that. uls-preferences Preferences Allows you to set preferences for the Universal Language Selector functionality. hidewatchlistmessage- [watchlistMessageId] ● where watchlistMessageld is the Id of the message being hidden 28 days Preferences Allows a user to hide a watchlist message. userFontSize Preferences Keeps track of your preferred font size on the mobile site. preferredEditor Preferences Keeps track of your preferred editor on the mobile site. Performance and Analysis: remembering pages visited, and actions taken on the Wikimedia sites so we can optimize the pages; remembering if users get error messages from web pages; storing your most recently read articles directly on your device, so they can be retrieved quickly; remembering the topics searched so that we can optimize the search results we deliver to you; remembering the list of articles you are following on your watchlist so that we can recommend similar articles that you may be interested in. Here are a few examples: Name Expires Category What does it do? centralnotice_bucket 7 days Performance and Analysis Helps us understand the effectiveness of notices provided to users through the CentralNotice extension. For more details, see Extension: CentralNotice ext. popups. core. previewCount Performance and Analysis Helps us understand the effectiveness of Hovercards. WMF-Last-Access 30 days Performance and Analysis Helps us calculate Unique devices accessing our site. See: WMF-Uniq 365 days, refreshed weekly Performance and Analysis Helps us count the number of site visitors, run A/B tests, and mitigate DDoS attacks. See: Third-Party: privacy wikimedia. org. A note about Wikimedia Foundation non-wiki sites: Some non-wiki Wikimedia Foundation sites are hosted by a third-party service provider. Sites hosted by WordPress VIP may have the WordPress Stats module enabled. Stats is a service that allows us to understand how many visitors we get to our WordPress-hosted non-wiki sites, their location by country, and which pages, posts and links are the most popular. Only the Wikimedia Foundation and the service provider, Automattic/WordPress, have access to the raw Stats data, which is retained for a maximum of 30 days. For more information about Stats, see WordPress' support page on the module. You can: install a plug-in to block locally stored data, if one is available. Where can I find more information? Please read through our for more information. If you have any further questions, contact privacy wikimedia. org. Thanks! Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this content and a translation, the original English version takes precedence. Retrieved from " " Category: Policies Search Search 1 language Add topic
