=== 2025-11-06 17:08:09 | https://www.globaldata.com/store | 13.86 KB ===

Market Research Reports & Consulting | GlobalData UK Ltd. Title + Description Title + Description Report Title Get in touch with the team to see how GlobalData can help. Don't wait – gain the unique insights needed to drive your organization forward. Wealth Management Trends and Themes in 2024 Global Health and Beauty Market to 2028 Hydrogen Pipelines Length and Capex Outlook to 2028 Global Construction Outlook to 2028 Tariffs and Trade Wars Executive Briefing Inflation Outlook Executive Briefing US Elections – Trump Tariffs Artificial Intelligence (AI) - Executive Briefing Industries Themes Geography Our industry reports combine the collective power of trusted data, expert knowledge and advanced technology to deliver intelligence on a global scale. Aerospace and Defense SubTheme title Aerospace C4ISR and Electronic Warfare Homeland Security Infrastructure, Logistics and Support Land Maritime Simulation and Training Unmanned Agriculture and Forestry SubTheme title Apparel SubTheme title Accessories Clothing Footwear Sportswear Automotive SubTheme title Future Mobility Vehicle Manufacturing Business and Consumer Services SubTheme title Construction SubTheme title Construction Construction Projects Consumer SubTheme title Alcoholic Beverages Baby Care Cosmetics and Toiletries Food Household Care Ingredients Non-Alcoholic Beverages Pet Care Tobacco and Tobacco Products Financial Services SubTheme title Fintech Insurance Payments Retail Banking and Lending Wealth Management Foodservice SubTheme title Medical Devices SubTheme title Aesthetic Devices Anesthesia and Respiratory Devices Cardiovascular Devices Dental Devices Diabetes Care Devices Diagnostic Imaging Drug Delivery Devices Endoscopy Devices ENT Devices General Surgery Digital Health Hospital Supplies In Vitro Diagnostics Nephrology and Urology Devices Neurology Devices Ophthalmic Devices Orthopedic Devices Patient Monitoring Reproductive Health Devices Specialized Sectors Wound Care Management Mining SubTheme title Commodity Mining Equipment Mines and Projects Oil and Gas SubTheme title Downstream Midstream Petrochemicals Services Upstream Oil and Gas Projects Packaging SubTheme title Pharmaceuticals SubTheme title Cardiovascular Central Nervous System Dermatology Ear Nose Throat Disorders Gastrointestinal Genetic Disorders Genito Urinary System And Sex Hormones Hematological Disorders Hormonal Disorders Immunology Infectious Disease Male Health Metabolic Disorders Mouth and Dental Disorders Musculoskeletal Disorders Non Malignant Disorders Nutritional Disorders Oncology Ophthalmology Other Diseases Respiratory Toxicology Women's Health Power SubTheme title Biopower Energy Storage Geothermal Hydro Power Nuclear Power Services Solar PV Power Solar Thermal Power Thermal Wind Power Power Projects Power Transmission Retail SubTheme title Duty Free Retail Electricals and Electronics General Retail Grocery Retail Home and Garden Leisure and Travel Products Luxury Goods Non-Food Specialists Online Retail Sport SubTheme title American Football Baseball Basketball Cricket Esports Golf Horse Racing Ice Hockey Motorsport Rugby Union Soccer Tennis Technology SubTheme title ICT Industry Verticals Telecommunications SubTheme title Telecom Infrastructure Telecom Services Transportation, Infrastructure and Logistics SubTheme title Transport Infrastructure Travel and Tourism SubTheme title Destinations Lodging Niche Tourism Passenger Transportation Travel Services With our unique thematic scoring methodology and cross-sector coverage, our thematic reports provide in-depth data, insight, and analysis needed to decode the future. Consumer Trends SubTheme title Comfort & Uncertainty Easy & Affordable Health & Wellness Individualism & Expression Sensory & Indulgence Sustainability & Ethics ESG SubTheme title Industry SubTheme title Apparel Automotive Construction Defense Energy Financial Services Food and Agriculture Healthcare Innovation Media Mining Retail Sports Telecom Tourism Transportation Macro SubTheme title Capital Raising Country Risk Covid-19 Deal Making Demographics ESG Geopolitics Global Macro Outlook Inflation Innovation Market Liberalization Market Polarization FDI Regulation SubTheme title Anti-Competition Laws Antitrust Data Privacy Disclosure Environmental Regulation Financial Regulation Food & Drug Regulation Industrial Regulation Intellectual Property Net Neutrality Obstruction of Justice Online Harm Taxation Technology SubTheme title 3D Printing Advanced Materials Artificial Intelligence Batteries Big Data Blockchain Cloud Connectivity Cybersecurity Digital Media Digitalization Ecommerce Edge Computing Edtech Future of Work Gaming Industrial Automation Internet of Military Things Internet of Things Metaverse Mobile Quantum Computing RegTech Robotics Social Media Space Economy Telecom Convergence Geography Asia-Pacific asia-pacific Asia-Pacific Asia Oceania Europe europe Europe Eastern Europe Western Europe Global global Global Middle East and Africa middle-east-and-africa Middle East and Africa Africa Middle East North America north-america North America Bermuda Canada Greenland Mexico United States South and Central America south-and-central-america South and Central America Caribbean Central America South America Embedded Finance in Banking: Strategic Intelligence US Mining Fiscal Landscape Regulations Governance and Sustainability (2025) Chile Telecom Operators Country Intelligence Report Deep Dive into the Risks Posed by AI Companions: Strategic Intelligence State of the Biopharmaceutical Industry 2023 Construction Market Size, Trends and Growth Forecasts by Key Regions and Countries, 2022-2026 United Kingdom (UK) Pensions Market Size, Trends, Competitive Landscape and Forecasts, 2022-2026 Metaverse Market Size, Share, Trends, Analysis and Forecasts By Vertical (BFSI, Retail, Media and Entertainment, Education, Aerospace and Defense, Manufacturing, Others), Component Stack (Hardware, Software, Services), Region and Segment 2022-2030 Pharma Likelihood of Approval and Phase Transition Success Rate Model – Trilaciclib in Breast Cancer Nanomedicine in pharma: mRNA delivery lipid nanoparticles Environment Sustainability in Packaging: Biodegradable Packaging Power of Siberia 1 (Russia Section-III) Pipeline, Russia See what our customers are saying GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift “COVID-19 has caused significant interference to our business and the COVID-19 intelligence from GlobalData has helped us reach better decisions around strategy. These two highlights have helped enormously to understand the projections into the future concerning our business units, we also utilise the project database to source new projects for Liebherr-Werk to use as an additional source to pitch for new business. ” Market Analyst & Management, Liebherr-Werk Your daily news has saved me a lot of time and keeps me up-to-date with what is happening in the market, I like that you almost always have a link to the source origin. We also use your market data in our Strategic Business Process to support our business decisions. By having everything in one place on the Intelligence Center it has saved me a lot of time versus looking on different sources, the alert function also helps with this. Head of Key Accounts, Saab AB Having used several other market research companies, I find that GlobalData manages to provide that ‘difficult-to-get’ market data that others can’t, as well as very diverse and complete consumer surveys. Marketing Intelligence Manager, Portugal Foods Our experience with GlobalData has been very good, from the platform itself to the people. I find that the analysts and the account team have a high level of customer focus and responsiveness and therefore I can always rely on. The platform is more holistic than other providers. It is convenient and almost like a one stop shop. The pricing suite is highly competitive and value for our organisation. I like reports that inform new segments such as the analysis on generation Z, millennials, the impact of COVID 19 to our banking customers and their new channel habits. Secondly the specialist insight on affluent sector significantly increases our understanding about this group of customers. The combination of those give us depth and breadth of the evolving market. I’m in the business of answering and helping people make decisions so with the intelligence center I can do that, effectively and efficiently. I can share quickly key insights that answer and satisfy our country stakeholders by giving them many quality studies and primary research about competitive landscape beyond the outlook of our bank. It helps me be seen as an advisory partner and that makes a big difference. A big benefit of our subscription is that no one holds the whole data and because it allows so many people, so many different parts of our organisation have access, it enables all teams to have the same level of knowledge and decision support. Head of Customer Insight and Research, Standard Chartered “I know that I can always rely on Globaldata’s work when I’m searching for the right consumer and market insights. I use Globaldata insights to understand the changing market & consumer landscape and help create better taste & wellbeing solutions for our customers in food, beverage and healthcare industries. Globaldata has the right data and the reports are of very high quality compared to your competitors. Globaldata not only has overall market sizes & consumer insights on food & beverages but also provides insights at the ingredient & flavour level. That is key for B2B companies like Givaudan. This way we understand our customers’ business and also gain insight to our unique industry” Head of Consumer Sensory Insights, Givaudan GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift Looking to stay on top of industry & market trends? Homepage Search our Database Ukraine Crisis Briefing Inflation COVID-19 Sustainability Tesla Netflix Vaccine ×


=== 2025-11-06 17:09:30 | https://www.globaldata.com/store/report/offshore-oil-and-gas-upstream-development-market-analysis/?utm_source=verdict&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=gd_curve&utm_content=globaldata_reports_carousel | 15.00 KB ===

Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 3054268 1 Standard Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 Powered by All the vital news, analysis, and commentary curated by our industry experts. $3000 Buy Report Download FREE Resources Report Overview Report Overview Table of Contents Table Figures The global offshore crude and natural gas production is slated to grow considerably by the end the current decade due to rising global energy demand, economic development, and population growth. The overall offshore crude and natural gas production is likely to increase by 2030, particularly in countries such as Iran, Qatar, and Brazil due to large undeveloped offshore reserves, and improving offshore technologies that optimize costs and improve resource recovery. Scope Global offshore oil and gas production outlook by key countries, and key companies for the period 2025 to 2030 Global offshore capital expenditure outlook by key countries, key companies, and field terrain for 2025 to 2030 Major projects count by key countries, type, and field terrain Details of key upcoming offshore crude and natural gas projects globally Reasons to Buy Understand offshore oil and gas production outlook for the period 2025 to 2030 Keep abreast of key upcoming offshore production projects globally during the outlook period Facilitate decision-making on the basis of strong oil and gas production, and capex data Develop business strategies with the help of specific insights on the global offshore upstream sector Assess your competitors’ planned oil and gas production projects Table of Contents 01. Global Offshore Development Trends Key Highlights Total Production and Capex Outlook Oil and Gas Production Trends Oil and Gas Capex Trends Upcoming Projects Outlook by Type and Terrain Greenfield Reserves Development Outlook Latest Project Updates 02. Oil Development Focus Crude and Condensate Production Outlook by Key Countries Crude and Condensate Production Outlook by Key Companies Key Planned and Announced Crude Oil Projects 03. Gas Development Focus Natural Gas Production Outlook by Key Countries Natural Gas Production Outlook by Key Companies Key Planned and Announced Natural Gas Projects 04. New Expenditure Outlook New Project Expenditure Outlook by Key Countries New Project Expenditure Outlook by Key Companies New Project Expenditure Outlook by Terrian New Project Expenditure Outlook by Facility Type 05. Appendix Abbreviations and Definitions About GlobalData Table Key offshore project updates, 2025 Key upcoming offshore crude oil projects, 2025–2030 Key upcoming offshore natural gas projects, 2025–2030 Figures Total offshore oil and gas production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields (mboed), 2024–2030* Offshore development and production capex outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields ($B), 2024–2030 Offshore crude and condensate production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields (mbd), 2024–2030 Offshore natural gas production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields (mmcfd), 2024–2030 Offshore development and production capex outlook for producing, planned, and announced crude oil fields by terrain ($B), 2025–2030 Offshore development and production capex outlook for producing, planned, and announced natural gas fields by terrain ($B), 2025–2030 Global upcoming offshore projects count by key countries, type and terrain, 2025–2030 Recoverable reserves of offshore greenfield projects by country, terrain and resource type, 2025–2030 Offshore crude and condensate production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields by key countries (mbd), 2025–2030 Offshore crude and condensate production outlook from planned and announced fields by key countries (mbd), 2025–2030 Crude and condensate production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields by key companies (mbd), 2025–2030 Crude and condensate production outlook from planned and announced fields by key companies (mbd), 2025–2030 Offshore natural gas production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields by key countries (mmcfd), 2025–2030 Offshore natural gas production outlook from planned and announced fields by key countries (mmcfd), 2025–2030 Natural gas production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields by key companies (mmcfd), 2025–2030 Natural gas production outlook from planned and announced fields by key companies (mmcfd), 2025–2030 Development and production capex outlook for major offshore planned and announced projects by key countries ($M), 2025–2030* Development and production capex outlook for major offshore planned and announced projects by key companies ($M), 2025–2030* Development and production capex outlook for major offshore planned and announced projects by terrain ($B), 2025–2030* Currency USD Currency Conversion is for Indicative purpose only. All orders are processed in US Dollars only. USD - US Dollar AUD — Australian Dollar BRL — Brazilian Real CNY — Yuan Renminbi EUR — Euro GBP — Pound Sterling INR — Indian Rupee JPY — Japanese Yen ZAR — South African Rand Single User $ 3, 000 Can be used by individual purchaser only Most Popular Multi-users $ 6, 000 Can be shared by unlimited users within one corporate location e. g. a regional office Enterprise $ 9, 000 Can be shared globally by unlimited users within the purchasing corporation e. g. all employees of a single company Buy Now Add to Basket Undecided about purchasing this report? Enquire Before Buying Download FREE Resources reportstore@globaldata. com Tel +44 20 7947 2745 Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 was curated by the best experts in the industry and we are confident about its unique quality. However, we want you to make the most beneficial decision for your business, so we offer free sample pages to help you: Assess the relevance of the report Evaluate the quality of the report Justify the cost Download your copy of the sample report and make an informed decision about whether the full report will provide you with the insights and information you need. Click here to download sample See what our customers are saying GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift “COVID-19 has caused significant interference to our business and the COVID-19 intelligence from GlobalData has helped us reach better decisions around strategy. These two highlights have helped enormously to understand the projections into the future concerning our business units, we also utilise the project database to source new projects for Liebherr-Werk to use as an additional source to pitch for new business. ” Market Analyst & Management, Liebherr-Werk Your daily news has saved me a lot of time and keeps me up-to-date with what is happening in the market, I like that you almost always have a link to the source origin. We also use your market data in our Strategic Business Process to support our business decisions. By having everything in one place on the Intelligence Center it has saved me a lot of time versus looking on different sources, the alert function also helps with this. Head of Key Accounts, Saab AB Having used several other market research companies, I find that GlobalData manages to provide that ‘difficult-to-get’ market data that others can’t, as well as very diverse and complete consumer surveys. Marketing Intelligence Manager, Portugal Foods Our experience with GlobalData has been very good, from the platform itself to the people. I find that the analysts and the account team have a high level of customer focus and responsiveness and therefore I can always rely on. The platform is more holistic than other providers. It is convenient and almost like a one stop shop. The pricing suite is highly competitive and value for our organisation. I like reports that inform new segments such as the analysis on generation Z, millennials, the impact of COVID 19 to our banking customers and their new channel habits. Secondly the specialist insight on affluent sector significantly increases our understanding about this group of customers. The combination of those give us depth and breadth of the evolving market. I’m in the business of answering and helping people make decisions so with the intelligence center I can do that, effectively and efficiently. I can share quickly key insights that answer and satisfy our country stakeholders by giving them many quality studies and primary research about competitive landscape beyond the outlook of our bank. It helps me be seen as an advisory partner and that makes a big difference. A big benefit of our subscription is that no one holds the whole data and because it allows so many people, so many different parts of our organisation have access, it enables all teams to have the same level of knowledge and decision support. Head of Customer Insight and Research, Standard Chartered “I know that I can always rely on Globaldata’s work when I’m searching for the right consumer and market insights. I use Globaldata insights to understand the changing market & consumer landscape and help create better taste & wellbeing solutions for our customers in food, beverage and healthcare industries. Globaldata has the right data and the reports are of very high quality compared to your competitors. Globaldata not only has overall market sizes & consumer insights on food & beverages but also provides insights at the ingredient & flavour level. That is key for B2B companies like Givaudan. This way we understand our customers’ business and also gain insight to our unique industry” Head of Consumer Sensory Insights, Givaudan GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift FDI Trends in APAC (2025) Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and… Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intelligence Every Company Report we produce is powered by the GlobalData Intelligence Center. Subscribing to our intelligence platform means you can monitor developments at Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 in real time. Access a live Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 dashboard for 12 months, with up-to-the-minute insights. Fuel your decision making with real-time deal coverage and media activity. Turn insights on financials, deals, products and pipelines into powerful agents of commercial advantage. Tell me more Standard Sector Analysis Report Detail Page We Value Your Privacy here. Search our Database Ukraine Crisis Briefing Inflation COVID-19 Sustainability Tesla Netflix Vaccine × Can be used by individual purchaser only Can be shared by unlimited users within one corporate location e. g. a regional office Can be shared globally by unlimited users within the purchasing corporation e. g. all employees of a single company


=== 2025-11-06 17:09:30 | https://www.globaldata.com/store/report/oil-and-gas-contractors-in-energy-transition-theme-analysis/?utm_source=verdict&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=gd_curve&utm_content=globaldata_reports_carousel | 12.78 KB ===

Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intelligence 4508236 1 Themes Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intelligence Powered by All the vital news, analysis, and commentary curated by our industry experts. $995 Buy Report Download FREE Resources Report Overview Report Overview Key Players Table of Contents Contractors would play a pivotal role in enabling their clients-primarily oil & gas companies-to implement sustainable energy solutions. All major contractors have announced strategies for cutting their emissions to fulfill the decarbonization pledges of their headquartered countries. Contractors are turning to low-carbon energy sources-including hydrogen, renewable power, and bioenergy-to achieve net zero in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Contractors are also expanding their portfolio offerings to include core technologies, such as carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS), energy recovery, flaring reduction, and methane monitoring to detect leaks, measure emissions, mitigate and utilize them for productive purposes. They are also are developing and installing cleaner, electric alternatives to the traditional field equipment running on fossil-fuels to curb emissions. Besides, by building capabilities to design and install renewable power and energy storage systems, contractors stand to gain in enabling net-zero in oil and gas operations. Scope This report discusses the strategies adopted by oil and gas contractors to enable energy transition. It identifies key energy transition avenues available to oil and gas contractors for energy transition. It highlights the major upcoming energy transition projects being developed by oil and gas contractors. It analyzes market signals by oil and gas contractors in terms of deals, patents, and hiring related to energy transition. The report provides an overview of the competitive positions held by oil and gas contractors in the energy transition theme. Reasons to Buy Identify major upcoming projects by oil and gas contractors related to renewable power, low-carbon hydrogen, carbon capture and storage, and renewable refineries. Provides capacity outlook for low-carbon hydrogen, carbon capture, renewable power, renewable fuels, and energy storage. Provides a contracts analysis of oil and gas contractors Oil and gas contractors lag specialists in low carbon project development. Identify and benchmark key oil and gas contractors and their position in energy transition theme. Aker Solutions Technip Energies Petrofac Saipem Wood plc Worley Table of Contents 1. Executive Summary 2. Thematic Briefing 3. Why Oil and Gas Contractors Need an Energy Transition Strategy 4. Company Profiles Appendices Our Thematic Research Methodology About GlobalData Currency USD Currency Conversion is for Indicative purpose only. All orders are processed in US Dollars only. USD - US Dollar AUD — Australian Dollar BRL — Brazilian Real CNY — Yuan Renminbi EUR — Euro GBP — Pound Sterling INR — Indian Rupee JPY — Japanese Yen ZAR — South African Rand Single User $ 995 Can be used by individual purchaser only Most Popular Multi-users $ 1, 495 Can be shared by unlimited users within one corporate location e. g. a regional office Enterprise $ 1, 995 Can be shared globally by unlimited users within the purchasing corporation e. g. all employees of a single company Buy Now Add to Basket Undecided about purchasing this report? Enquire Before Buying Download FREE Resources reportstore@globaldata. com Tel +44 20 7947 2745 Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intelligence was curated by the best experts in the industry and we are confident about its unique quality. However, we want you to make the most beneficial decision for your business, so we offer free sample pages to help you: Assess the relevance of the report Evaluate the quality of the report Justify the cost Download your copy of the sample report and make an informed decision about whether the full report will provide you with the insights and information you need. Click here to download sample See what our customers are saying GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift “COVID-19 has caused significant interference to our business and the COVID-19 intelligence from GlobalData has helped us reach better decisions around strategy. These two highlights have helped enormously to understand the projections into the future concerning our business units, we also utilise the project database to source new projects for Liebherr-Werk to use as an additional source to pitch for new business. ” Market Analyst & Management, Liebherr-Werk Your daily news has saved me a lot of time and keeps me up-to-date with what is happening in the market, I like that you almost always have a link to the source origin. We also use your market data in our Strategic Business Process to support our business decisions. By having everything in one place on the Intelligence Center it has saved me a lot of time versus looking on different sources, the alert function also helps with this. Head of Key Accounts, Saab AB Having used several other market research companies, I find that GlobalData manages to provide that ‘difficult-to-get’ market data that others can’t, as well as very diverse and complete consumer surveys. Marketing Intelligence Manager, Portugal Foods Our experience with GlobalData has been very good, from the platform itself to the people. I find that the analysts and the account team have a high level of customer focus and responsiveness and therefore I can always rely on. The platform is more holistic than other providers. It is convenient and almost like a one stop shop. The pricing suite is highly competitive and value for our organisation. I like reports that inform new segments such as the analysis on generation Z, millennials, the impact of COVID 19 to our banking customers and their new channel habits. Secondly the specialist insight on affluent sector significantly increases our understanding about this group of customers. The combination of those give us depth and breadth of the evolving market. I’m in the business of answering and helping people make decisions so with the intelligence center I can do that, effectively and efficiently. I can share quickly key insights that answer and satisfy our country stakeholders by giving them many quality studies and primary research about competitive landscape beyond the outlook of our bank. It helps me be seen as an advisory partner and that makes a big difference. A big benefit of our subscription is that no one holds the whole data and because it allows so many people, so many different parts of our organisation have access, it enables all teams to have the same level of knowledge and decision support. Head of Customer Insight and Research, Standard Chartered “I know that I can always rely on Globaldata’s work when I’m searching for the right consumer and market insights. I use Globaldata insights to understand the changing market & consumer landscape and help create better taste & wellbeing solutions for our customers in food, beverage and healthcare industries. Globaldata has the right data and the reports are of very high quality compared to your competitors. Globaldata not only has overall market sizes & consumer insights on food & beverages but also provides insights at the ingredient & flavour level. That is key for B2B companies like Givaudan. This way we understand our customers’ business and also gain insight to our unique industry” Head of Consumer Sensory Insights, Givaudan GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift FDI Trends in APAC (2025) Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and… Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intelligence Every Company Report we produce is powered by the GlobalData Intelligence Center. Subscribing to our intelligence platform means you can monitor developments at Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intelligence in real time. Access a live Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intelligence dashboard for 12 months, with up-to-the-minute insights. Fuel your decision making with real-time deal coverage and media activity. Turn insights on financials, deals, products and pipelines into powerful agents of commercial advantage. Tell me more Themes Thematic Analysis Report Detail Page Search our Database Ukraine Crisis Briefing Inflation COVID-19 Sustainability Tesla Netflix Vaccine × Can be used by individual purchaser only Can be shared by unlimited users within one corporate location e. g. a regional office Can be shared globally by unlimited users within the purchasing corporation e. g. all employees of a single company We Value Your Privacy here.


=== 2025-11-06 17:09:42 | https://www.globaldata.com/store/report/southeast-asia-oil-and-gas-upstream-market-analysis/?utm_source=verdict&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=gd_curve&utm_content=globaldata_reports_carousel | 15.14 KB ===

Southeast Asia Oil and Gas Upstream Development Trends Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 4341196 1 Standard Southeast Asia Oil and Gas Upstream Development Trends Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 Powered by All the vital news, analysis, and commentary curated by our industry experts. $3000 Buy Report Download FREE Resources Report Overview Report Overview Table of Contents Table Figures The Southeast Asia region, comprising Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Brunei, Timor-Leste, Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand is a pivotal part of the global oil and gas landscape, as it boasts a sizeable concentration of hydrocarbon reserves and production. The overall production in the region is likely to increase by 2030, especially in Indonesia, due to high energy demand, substantial investments planned on the oil and gas infrastructure, and proximity to high-consumption economies such as China, Japan, and South Korea. Scope Southeast Asia’s oil and gas production outlook by key countries, and key companies for the period 2025 to 2030 Southeast Asia’s capital expenditure outlook by key countries, key companies, and field terrain for 2025 to 2030 Major projects count by key countries, type, and field terrain Details of key upcoming crude and natural gas projects in the region Reasons to Buy Understand Southeast Asia’s oil and gas production outlook for the period 2025 to 2030 Keep abreast of key upcoming production projects in the region during the outlook period Facilitate decision-making on the basis of strong oil and gas production, and capex data Develop business strategies with the help of specific insights on the Southeast Asia’s upstream sector Assess your competitors’ planned oil and gas production projects in the region Table of Contents 01. Southeast Asia Upstream Development Trends Key Highlights Total Production and Capex Outlook Oil and Gas Production Trends Oil and Gas Capex Trends Upcoming Projects Outlook by Type and Terrain Greenfield Reserves Development Outlook Latest Project Updates 02. Oil Development Focus Crude and Condensate Production Outlook by Key Countries Crude and Condensate Production Outlook by Key Companies Key Planned and Announced Crude Oil Projects 03. Gas Development Focus Natural Gas Production Outlook by Key Countries Natural Gas Production Outlook by Key Companies Key Planned and Announced Natural Gas Projects 04. New Expenditure Outlook New Project Expenditure Outlook by Key Countries New Project Expenditure Outlook by Key Companies New Project Expenditure Outlook by Terrian New Project Expenditure Outlook by Facility Type 05. Appendix Abbreviations and Definitions About GlobalData Table Key project updates in Southeast Asia, 2025 Key upcoming crude oil projects in Southeast Asia, 2025–2030 Key upcoming natural gas projects in Southeast Asia, 2025–2030 Figures Total production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields in Southeast Asia (mboed), 2024–2030* Development and production capex outlook in Southeast Asia from producing, planned, and announced fields ($B), 2024–2030 Crude and condensate production outlook in Southeast Asia from producing, planned, and announced fields (mbd), 2024–2030 Natural gas production outlook in Southeast Asia from producing, planned, and announced fields (mmcfd), 2024–2030 Development and production capex of producing, planned, and announced crude oil fields by terrain ($M), 2025–2030 Development and production capex of producing, planned, and announced natural gas fields by terrain ($B), 2025–2030 Upcoming projects count in Southeast Asia by key countries, type and terrain, 2025–2030 Recoverable reserves of greenfield projects in Southeast Asia by country, terrain and resource type, 2025–2030 Crude and condensate production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields by key countries (mbd), 2025–2030 Crude and condensate production outlook from planned and announced fields by key countries (mbd), 2025–2030 Crude and condensate production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields by key companies (mbd), 2025–2030 Crude and condensate production outlook from planned and announced fields by key companies (mbd), 2025–2030 Natural gas production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields by key countries (mmcfd), 2025–2030 Natural gas production outlook from planned and announced fields by key countries (mmcfd), 2025–2030 Natural gas production outlook from producing, planned, and announced fields by key companies (mmcfd), 2025–2030 Natural gas production outlook from planned and announced fields by key companies (mmcfd), 2025–2030 Capex outlook for major planned and announced projects in Southeast Asia by key countries ($M), 2025–2030* Capex outlook for major planned and announced projects in Southeast Asia by key companies ($M), 2025–2030* Capex outlook for major planned and announced projects in Southeast Asia by terrain ($M), 2025–2030* Currency USD Currency Conversion is for Indicative purpose only. All orders are processed in US Dollars only. USD - US Dollar AUD — Australian Dollar BRL — Brazilian Real CNY — Yuan Renminbi EUR — Euro GBP — Pound Sterling INR — Indian Rupee JPY — Japanese Yen ZAR — South African Rand Single User $ 3, 000 Can be used by individual purchaser only Most Popular Multi-users $ 6, 000 Can be shared by unlimited users within one corporate location e. g. a regional office Enterprise $ 9, 000 Can be shared globally by unlimited users within the purchasing corporation e. g. all employees of a single company Buy Now Add to Basket Undecided about purchasing this report? Enquire Before Buying Download FREE Resources reportstore@globaldata. com Tel +44 20 7947 2745 Southeast Asia Oil and Gas Upstream Development Trends Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 was curated by the best experts in the industry and we are confident about its unique quality. However, we want you to make the most beneficial decision for your business, so we offer free sample pages to help you: Assess the relevance of the report Evaluate the quality of the report Justify the cost Download your copy of the sample report and make an informed decision about whether the full report will provide you with the insights and information you need. Click here to download sample See what our customers are saying GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift “COVID-19 has caused significant interference to our business and the COVID-19 intelligence from GlobalData has helped us reach better decisions around strategy. These two highlights have helped enormously to understand the projections into the future concerning our business units, we also utilise the project database to source new projects for Liebherr-Werk to use as an additional source to pitch for new business. ” Market Analyst & Management, Liebherr-Werk Your daily news has saved me a lot of time and keeps me up-to-date with what is happening in the market, I like that you almost always have a link to the source origin. We also use your market data in our Strategic Business Process to support our business decisions. By having everything in one place on the Intelligence Center it has saved me a lot of time versus looking on different sources, the alert function also helps with this. Head of Key Accounts, Saab AB Having used several other market research companies, I find that GlobalData manages to provide that ‘difficult-to-get’ market data that others can’t, as well as very diverse and complete consumer surveys. Marketing Intelligence Manager, Portugal Foods Our experience with GlobalData has been very good, from the platform itself to the people. I find that the analysts and the account team have a high level of customer focus and responsiveness and therefore I can always rely on. The platform is more holistic than other providers. It is convenient and almost like a one stop shop. The pricing suite is highly competitive and value for our organisation. I like reports that inform new segments such as the analysis on generation Z, millennials, the impact of COVID 19 to our banking customers and their new channel habits. Secondly the specialist insight on affluent sector significantly increases our understanding about this group of customers. The combination of those give us depth and breadth of the evolving market. I’m in the business of answering and helping people make decisions so with the intelligence center I can do that, effectively and efficiently. I can share quickly key insights that answer and satisfy our country stakeholders by giving them many quality studies and primary research about competitive landscape beyond the outlook of our bank. It helps me be seen as an advisory partner and that makes a big difference. A big benefit of our subscription is that no one holds the whole data and because it allows so many people, so many different parts of our organisation have access, it enables all teams to have the same level of knowledge and decision support. Head of Customer Insight and Research, Standard Chartered “I know that I can always rely on Globaldata’s work when I’m searching for the right consumer and market insights. I use Globaldata insights to understand the changing market & consumer landscape and help create better taste & wellbeing solutions for our customers in food, beverage and healthcare industries. Globaldata has the right data and the reports are of very high quality compared to your competitors. Globaldata not only has overall market sizes & consumer insights on food & beverages but also provides insights at the ingredient & flavour level. That is key for B2B companies like Givaudan. This way we understand our customers’ business and also gain insight to our unique industry” Head of Consumer Sensory Insights, Givaudan GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift FDI Trends in APAC (2025) Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and… Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intelligence Every Company Report we produce is powered by the GlobalData Intelligence Center. Subscribing to our intelligence platform means you can monitor developments at Southeast Asia Oil and Gas Upstream Development Trends Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 in real time. Access a live Southeast Asia Oil and Gas Upstream Development Trends Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and Facility Type to 2030 dashboard for 12 months, with up-to-the-minute insights. Fuel your decision making with real-time deal coverage and media activity. Turn insights on financials, deals, products and pipelines into powerful agents of commercial advantage. Tell me more Standard Sector Analysis Report Detail Page Search our Database Ukraine Crisis Briefing Inflation COVID-19 Sustainability Tesla Netflix Vaccine × Can be used by individual purchaser only Can be shared by unlimited users within one corporate location e. g. a regional office Can be shared globally by unlimited users within the purchasing corporation e. g. all employees of a single company We Value Your Privacy here.


=== 2025-11-06 17:09:42 | https://www.globaldata.com/store/report/usa-lower-48-unconventional-oil-and-gas-production-market-analysis/?utm_source=verdict&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=gd_curve&utm_content=globaldata_reports_carousel | 16.24 KB ===

Unconventional Production in the US Lower 48: Market Trends, Economic Viability, and Competitive Benchmarking 3059138 1 Standard Unconventional Production in the US Lower 48: Market Trends, Economic Viability, and Competitive Benchmarking Powered by All the vital news, analysis, and commentary curated by our industry experts. $3000 Buy Report Download FREE Resources Report Overview Report Overview Table of Contents Table Figures The United States (US) Lower 48 Unconventional Oil and Gas Market report provides a comprehensive analysis of crude oil and natural gas production in US L48 shale plays for 2021-2030. The report also analyzes the economic viability, well productivity, and well completion parameters across major shale plays in the US. These detailed analyses of the US L48 shale plays are critical in developing impactful business plans to gain a competitive edge. Crude oil and condensate production is reviewed across the four major oil shales of Permian Basin, Eagle Ford, Bakken, and DJ Basin. The US Lower 48 (L48) crude oil and condensate production is projected to increase primarily in the Permian Basin during 2025-2030. The high oil prices could provide favorable market economics for shale companies to thrive in this play. Natural gas production is reviewed across the major gas shales of Marcellus, Utica, Permian, Haynesville, and Scoop Stack. The highest contribution to natural gas production growth in the US is expected to come from Marcellus and Permian resource plays during 2025-2030. Marcellus is the largest natural gas formation in the country. A few of the major operators in the US lower 48 oil and gas market by total net acreage are Occidental Petroleum Corp, ConocoPhillips, Chevron Corp, Exxon Mobil Corp, and EQT Corp among others. Scope Analysis of the crude oil and natural gas appraisal and production activities in the US Lower 48 shale plays. Comprehensive analysis of crude oil and natural gas production in US L48 shale plays during 2021-2030. Detailed information on well development, permits and deals across US L48 shale plays. In-depth information on economic viability, well productivity, and well completion parameters across major shale plays in the US. Analysis of top companies’ net acreage, and planned capital expenditure in 2025. Up-to-date information on major mergers and acquisitions across major shale plays during 2021-2025. Reasons to Buy Develop business strategies with the help of specific insights into the major shale plays in the US. Plan your strategies based on economic viability and expected developments in the major US shale plays. Keep yourself informed of the latest M&A activity across major shale plays. Table of Contents 01. US Lower 48, Recent Developments and Trends Key Highlights US Lower 48 Shale Oil and Gas Production US Lower 48 Rig Count and West Texas Intermediate (WTI) futures prices 02. US Lower 48, Production and Activity Overview US Lower 48, Production Analysis, Crude Oil, 2022–2024 US Lower 48, Crude Oil Production Outlook to 2030 US Lower 48, Production Analysis, Natural Gas, 2022–2024 US Lower 48, Natural Gas Production Outlook to 2030 US Lower 48, Drilling Activity, 2024-2025 (1/4) US Lower 48, Drilling Activity, 2024-2025 (2/4) US Lower 48, Drilling Activity, 2024-2025 (3/4) US Lower 48, Drilling Activity, 2024-2025 (4/4) US Lower 48, Well Profile 03. US Lower 48, Economic Viability US Lower 48, Breakeven Prices US Lower 48, Well Productivity – Initial Production Rates, 2022-2024 US Lower 48, Well Productivity – Estimated Ultimate Recovery, 2022-2024 US Lower 48, Completion Parameters, 2022-2024 US Lower 48, Well Costs 04. US Lower 48, Competitive Benchmarking US Lower 48, Major Companies with Prominent Presence, 2025 US Lower 48, Major Companies by Crude Oil Production, 2025 US Lower 48, Major Companies by Natural Gas Production, 2025 US Lower 48, Capex of Major Companies, 2025 US Lower 48, Operational Performance of Leading Operators, 2025 US Lower 48, Well Costs, 2025 05. US Lower 48, Mergers & Acquisitions Overview of M&A Activity US Lower 48, Major Acquisitions 06. Appendix Abbreviations and Definitions About GlobalData Table Table 1: Shale play-wise acreage of the major companies in the US, 2023* 26 Table 2: Crude oil and condensate production of major operators by shale plays, 2022 (mbd) 28 Table 3: Natural gas production of major operators by shale plays, 2022 (mbd) 30 Table 4: Capital expenditure by major companies, 2022-23 ($M) 32 Table 5: US L48, major deals by oil and gas companies, 2022 – November 2023 36 Figures Figure 1: Crude oil production in the US, January 2019- September 2023 (mbd) 5 Figure 2: Rig count in the US shale and West Texas Intermediate (WTI) price trend, 2019-September 2023 6 Figure 3: Shale gas production in the US and Henry Hub price trend, 2019-September 2023 7 Figure 4: Annual crude oil production outlook across major shale plays, 2020-2027 9 Figure 5: Annual natural gas production across major shale plays, 2020-2027 10 Figure 6: Wells developed across major US shale plays, January – June 2023 11 Figure 7: Rig count across major US shale plays, January – June 2023 12 Figure 8: DUC wells count and total count of wells completed in US L48, January – June 2023 13 Figure 9: Well permits and wells drilled in major shale plays, January – June 2023 14 Figure 10: Deals announced in major shale plays, January – November 2023 15 Figure 11: Crude oil break-even price across major US oil shale plays 16 Figure 12: Natural gas break-even price across major US gas shale plays 17 Figure 13: Crude oil IP30 rates of major shale plays, January 2021 – June 2023 18 Figure 14: Natural gas IP30 rates of major shale plays, January 2021 – June 2023 19 Figure 15: Crude oil EUR by major shale plays, January 2021 – June 2023 20 Figure 16: Natural gas EUR by major shale plays, January 2021 – June 2023 21 Figure 17: Average lateral length by major shale plays, January 2021 – June 2023 22 Figure 18: Average proppant mass by major shale plays, January 2021- June 2023 23 Figure 19: Average proppant mass per lateral length by major shale plays, January 2021 – June 2023 24 Figure 20: Average well costs by major shale plays 25 Currency USD Currency Conversion is for Indicative purpose only. All orders are processed in US Dollars only. USD - US Dollar AUD — Australian Dollar BRL — Brazilian Real CNY — Yuan Renminbi EUR — Euro GBP — Pound Sterling INR — Indian Rupee JPY — Japanese Yen ZAR — South African Rand Single User $ 3, 000 Can be used by individual purchaser only Most Popular Multi-users $ 6, 000 Can be shared by unlimited users within one corporate location e. g. a regional office Enterprise $ 9, 000 Can be shared globally by unlimited users within the purchasing corporation e. g. all employees of a single company Buy Now Add to Basket Undecided about purchasing this report? Enquire Before Buying Download FREE Resources reportstore@globaldata. com Tel +44 20 7947 2745 Unconventional Production in the US Lower 48: Market Trends, Economic Viability, and Competitive Benchmarking was curated by the best experts in the industry and we are confident about its unique quality. However, we want you to make the most beneficial decision for your business, so we offer free sample pages to help you: Assess the relevance of the report Evaluate the quality of the report Justify the cost Download your copy of the sample report and make an informed decision about whether the full report will provide you with the insights and information you need. Click here to download sample See what our customers are saying GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift “COVID-19 has caused significant interference to our business and the COVID-19 intelligence from GlobalData has helped us reach better decisions around strategy. These two highlights have helped enormously to understand the projections into the future concerning our business units, we also utilise the project database to source new projects for Liebherr-Werk to use as an additional source to pitch for new business. ” Market Analyst & Management, Liebherr-Werk Your daily news has saved me a lot of time and keeps me up-to-date with what is happening in the market, I like that you almost always have a link to the source origin. We also use your market data in our Strategic Business Process to support our business decisions. By having everything in one place on the Intelligence Center it has saved me a lot of time versus looking on different sources, the alert function also helps with this. Head of Key Accounts, Saab AB Having used several other market research companies, I find that GlobalData manages to provide that ‘difficult-to-get’ market data that others can’t, as well as very diverse and complete consumer surveys. Marketing Intelligence Manager, Portugal Foods Our experience with GlobalData has been very good, from the platform itself to the people. I find that the analysts and the account team have a high level of customer focus and responsiveness and therefore I can always rely on. The platform is more holistic than other providers. It is convenient and almost like a one stop shop. The pricing suite is highly competitive and value for our organisation. I like reports that inform new segments such as the analysis on generation Z, millennials, the impact of COVID 19 to our banking customers and their new channel habits. Secondly the specialist insight on affluent sector significantly increases our understanding about this group of customers. The combination of those give us depth and breadth of the evolving market. I’m in the business of answering and helping people make decisions so with the intelligence center I can do that, effectively and efficiently. I can share quickly key insights that answer and satisfy our country stakeholders by giving them many quality studies and primary research about competitive landscape beyond the outlook of our bank. It helps me be seen as an advisory partner and that makes a big difference. A big benefit of our subscription is that no one holds the whole data and because it allows so many people, so many different parts of our organisation have access, it enables all teams to have the same level of knowledge and decision support. Head of Customer Insight and Research, Standard Chartered “I know that I can always rely on Globaldata’s work when I’m searching for the right consumer and market insights. I use Globaldata insights to understand the changing market & consumer landscape and help create better taste & wellbeing solutions for our customers in food, beverage and healthcare industries. Globaldata has the right data and the reports are of very high quality compared to your competitors. Globaldata not only has overall market sizes & consumer insights on food & beverages but also provides insights at the ingredient & flavour level. That is key for B2B companies like Givaudan. This way we understand our customers’ business and also gain insight to our unique industry” Head of Consumer Sensory Insights, Givaudan GlobalData provides a great range of information and reports on various sectors that is highly relevant, timely, easy to access and utilise. The reports and data dashboards help engagement with clients; they provide valuable industry and market insights that can enrich client conversations and can help in the shaping of value propositions. Moreover, using GlobalData products has helped increase my knowledge of the finance sector, the players within it, and the general threats and opportunities. I find the consumer surveys that are carried out to be extremely beneficial and not something I have seen anywhere else. They provided an insightful view of why and which consumers take (or don’t) particular financial products. This can help shape conversations with clients to ensure they make the right strategic decisions for their business. One of the challenges I have found is that data in the payments space is often piecemeal. With GD all of the data I need is in one place, but it also comes with additional market reports that provide useful extra context and information. Having the ability to set-up alerts on relevant movements in the industry, be it competitors or customers, and have them emailed directly to me, ensures I get early sight of industry activity and don’t have to search for news. Senior Account Manager, TSYS “The GlobalData platform is our go-to tool for intelligence services. GlobalData provides an easy way to access comprehensive intelligence data around multiple sectors, which essentially makes it a one-for-all intelligence platform, for tendering and approaching customers. GlobalData is very customer orientated, with a high degree of personalised services, which benefits everyday use. The highly detailed project intelligence and forecast reports can be utilised across multiple departments and workflow scopes, from operational to strategic level, and often support strategic decisions. GlobalData Analytics and visualisation solutions has contributed positively when preparing management presentations and strategic papers. ” Business Intelligence & Marketing Manager, SAL Heavy Lift FDI Trends in APAC (2025) Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terrain and… Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intelligence Every Company Report we produce is powered by the GlobalData Intelligence Center. Subscribing to our intelligence platform means you can monitor developments at Unconventional Production in the US Lower 48: Market Trends, Economic Viability, and Competitive Benchmarking in real time. Access a live Unconventional Production in the US Lower 48: Market Trends, Economic Viability, and Competitive Benchmarking dashboard for 12 months, with up-to-the-minute insights. Fuel your decision making with real-time deal coverage and media activity. Turn insights on financials, deals, products and pipelines into powerful agents of commercial advantage. Tell me more Standard Sector Analysis Report Detail Page We Value Your Privacy here. Search our Database Ukraine Crisis Briefing Inflation COVID-19 Sustainability Tesla Netflix Vaccine × Can be used by individual purchaser only Can be shared by unlimited users within one corporate location e. g. a regional office Can be shared globally by unlimited users within the purchasing corporation e. g. all employees of a single company




# --- https://www.globaldata.com/custom-solutions ---
Custom Solutions | GlobalData Intelligence, delivered your way Collaborate with our consultants on a bespoke solution, built to solve your specific business challenges within your budget and timeline. Enquire now Home Main Custom Solutions R e a d y t o m a x i m i z e y o u r o p p o r t u n i t i e s? Turn consumer data into products people love and brands that stand out Assess impact Understand how disruptions will impact your business and know how to respond Prioritize opportunities Prioritize new market opportunities and develop a winning market entry strategy Enable your teams Empower your sales teams with data and resources tailored for them Let’s start building your custom solution Enquire now Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


# --- https://www.globaldata.com/store/lgp-landing-page ---
LGP Landing Page The GlobalData Intelligence Hub Discover Industry-Specific Insights Precision in Every Decision Uncover industry-specific knowledge that propels your business forward. Our reports provide comprehensive and up-to-date information, enabling businesses to make confident and strategic decisions. Informed Today, Empowered Tomorrow Anticipate changes, identify growth opportunities and align your plans with industry dynamics. Our reports include market trends, competitor analyses and future projections you can use to conduct strategic planning and forecasting. Decode Markets Whether you're analysing consumer behavior, emerging technologies or regulatory shifts, these insights provide a deeper understanding of the market, giving you a competitive edge. This, in turn, helps you position your organisation effectively and respond to industry challenges proactively. Construction Project Profiles Reports Analyse details of new construction projects and build new business opportunities. Access key insights including project location, stage, scope, description, key dates, participants and contacts. Energy Storage Project Profiles Reports Access in-depth information on global energy storage projects across all stages of development. Key insights include project capacity, status, owner, location and important dates. Mining Project Profiles Reports Uncover detailed mine-site profiles across all commodities and countries. Analyse competitors with unrivalled insights and expedite new business opportunities. Mining Commodity Market Trends Reports Analyse both global and country-specific commodity market trends. Access detailed data on reserves, production trends and forecasts and a list of all key operating and developing mines. Oil & Gas Profiles Reports Access new business opportunities with in-depth profiles across the entire oil and gas value chain. Insights include upstream, midstream, downstream and petrochemicals. Power Transmission Project Profiles Reports Uncover key information on new and upgraded power transmission, distribution lines and substations. Up-to-date details include location, operator, voltage, circuit km, current status and notable dates. Power Project Profiles and Market Trends Reports Analyse global and country-specific power market trends. Discover capacity and generation growth across all technologies, along with transmission and distribution trends. Technology and Patent Foresight Reports Uncover the key companies and start-ups at the forefront of these innovations and the disruptive impact they will have. Technology Vendor Profiles Reports Access in-depth company partner ecosystems across 70 data fields. You can use these profiles as a pivotal resource to analyse a company’s partner landscape, with key strategic details. Thematic Reports Access unrivalled intelligence on new technologies, macroeconomic shifts and social trends. Medical Device – Global Brand Pricing Data Reports Unveil average selling prices, full high- and low-price ranges and 3-year forecasts, delivering a comprehensive overview of the global medical device landscape. Medical Device – Global Market Data Reports Craft future-oriented strategies, improve medical device sales, and achieve a better understanding of this competitive marketplace. Pharma – Likelihood of Approval (LoA) Reports Access real-time data on how likely a specific drug will succeed at its current stage and ultimately be approved for commercialisation. Pharma – Net Present Value (NPV) Reports Reveal a combination of analytics and proprietary data to deliver a complete picture of a drug’s current valuation based on revenue, R&D, likelihood of approval and sales-related costs. E-commerce – Food Reports Uncover intricate details of product assortments and pricing strategies, covering thousands of SKUs within the vast e-commerce food landscape. E-commerce – Drinks Reports Uncover diverse pricing strategies adopted by brands and retailers and discover the key approaches used to optimise profits and market presence. Sports Market Reports Access an in-depth view of the commercial strategies of a particular sporting league or event. Decode key aspects of their approach, equipping you with the knowledge you need to make better-informed investment decisions. Travel & Tourism Reports Uncover inbound and outbound travel growth for 150 global markets. Analyse which areas represent the biggest opportunity for growth and reveal the most popular destinations for these markets. Search our Database Ukraine Crisis Briefing Inflation COVID-19 Sustainability Tesla Netflix Vaccine × We Value Your Privacy here. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendor Search Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Name Confirm My Choices Your Privacy [`dialog closed`]


# --- https://www.globaldata.com/custom-solutions ---
Custom Solutions | GlobalData Intelligence, delivered your way Collaborate with our consultants on a bespoke solution, built to solve your specific business challenges within your budget and timeline. Enquire now Home Main Custom Solutions R e a d y t o m a x i m i z e y o u r o p p o r t u n i t i e s? Turn consumer data into products people love and brands that stand out Assess impact Understand how disruptions will impact your business and know how to respond Prioritize opportunities Prioritize new market opportunities and develop a winning market entry strategy Enable your teams Empower your sales teams with data and resources tailored for them Let’s start building your custom solution Enquire now Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


# --- https://www.globaldata.com/store/industry/rare-earth-metals-market/?utm_source=non-lgp&utm_medium=20-279246&utm_campaign=thematic-report-hyperlink&CampaignValue=701Ti00000PWamuIAD ---
Industry Rare Earth Metals 0 0 GlobalData’s reports offer expert analysis, insights and opinions to companies in the world’s largest industries. Explore unique market-leading data today and benefit from access to actionable insight within the Rare Earth Metals market. Reports cover market growth forecasts, trends and research, and more. Browse our full list of Rare Earth Metals market reports here. Title + Description Title + Description Report Title Refine by: Industry × Mining (1) Geography × Global (1) Report Type × Sector Analysis (1) Themes × No data. (0) Price $0 - * $0 - $2000 $2000 - $4000 $4000 - $6000 $6000 - $8000 $8000 - $10000 $10000+ Publication Date 2+ Years All 1 refinements Industry Rare Earth Metals Geography Report Type Themes Price Publication Date Clear all 1 - 1 of 1 reports Currency USD Currency Conversion is for Indicative purpose only. All orders are processed in US Dollars only. USD - US Dollar AUD — Australian Dollar BRL — Brazilian Real CNY — Yuan Renminbi EUR — Euro GBP — Pound Sterling INR — Indian Rupee JPY — Japanese Yen ZAR — South African Rand Sort by Relevance Price - High to Low Price - Low to High Relevance Date - Newest Date - Oldest View List Results per page 6 10 20 50 The Price Conversion is only for the Indicative purpose. USD — US Dollar AUD — Australian Dollar BRL — Brazilian Real CNY — Yuan Renminbi EUR — Euro GBP — Pound Sterling INR — Indian Rupee JPY — Japanese Yen ZAR — South African Rand List Grid Rare Earth Metals Market Size, Share, Trends, and Analysis by Region, Product, Application and Segment Forecast to 2030 Rare Earth Metals Market Size, Share, Trends, and Analysis by Region, Product, Application and Segment Forecast to 2030 $ 3, 950 | June 2023 Accessing the in-depth insight from the ‘Rare Earth Metals’ report can help you: Market size detailing based on key product segments, application categories, and regional movement Mapping the entire ecosystem of the value chain and the stages associated with it Evaluating potential growth opportunities in different product and application segments supported by comprehensive qualitative commentary Foresee possible changing dynamics of the sector and align business strategies to capitalize on them List of major active and upcoming rare earth mining projects. . . Add to Wishlist Saved to Wishlist | Remove Saved to Wishlist | Remove 1 - 1 of 1 reports Results per page 6 10 20 50 Looking to stay on top of industry & market trends? Industry Page Search our Database Ukraine Crisis Briefing Inflation COVID-19 Sustainability Tesla Netflix Vaccine ×
