=== 2025-11-05 17:03:45 | https://www.iea.org/ | 2.87 KB ===

IEA – International Energy Agency You are connecting via IP recognition from. If you wish to proceed, click on Connect. If you prefer to log into your personal account, please sign in below. Connect OR Email * Password * Forgot password? Sign in Create an account Create a free IEA account to download our reports or subcribe to a paid service. Join for free Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Latest news, commentaries and reports Energy security Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025 Industry Integrated energy and water management will boost savings in industry Natural gas Coming surge in LNG production is set to reshape global gas markets Energy innovation IEA’s second Energy Innovation Forum shines spotlight on key role of innovation in achieving policy goals Energy Security New podcast episode focuses on risks to Ukraine’s energy security this winter 6 Nov 2025 IEA at COP30 6 Nov 2025 15: 00—16: 30 Renewables 2025: Webinar 12 Nov 2025 11: 00—11: 40 World Energy Outlook 2025 Diversification drives energy security, yet critical minerals are moving in the opposite direction. Critical minerals, which are essential for a range of energy technologies and for the broader economy, have become a major focus in global policy and trade discussions. The Global Critical Minerals Outlook 2025 includes a detailed assessment of the latest market and investment trends, along with their implications for critical minerals security. Read the report The Energy Mix Featured videos How much energy is needed to power AI? Play video What happened when Moldova’s main power plant went dark? Play video Global electricity demand growth is set to soar Play video Why the world's electricity grids need more attention Play video Data explorers Data visualisations and other interactive tools Browse Data sets Free and paid data sets from across the energy system Explore Policies database Past, existing or planned government policies and measures Search Chart library Access every chart published across IEA reports and analysis Discover The world is moving at speed into the Age of Electricity Learn more The deepening ties between energy and AI Explore Loading content Loading content Energy Security Access and Affordability Climate Change Artificial Intelligence Energy Innovation Critical Minerals Investment Energy and Gender Shaping a secure and sustainable energy future for all The IEA is at the heart of the global dialogue on energy Learn more about our mission Understand the global energy system Reports and analysis Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Data and statistics Keep up with the global dialogue on energy News and commentaries Subscription successful


=== 2025-11-05 17:04:48 | https://www.iea.org/energy-system/buildings | 21.46 KB ===

Buildings - Energy System - IEA You are connecting via IP recognition from. If you wish to proceed, click on Connect. If you prefer to log into your personal account, please sign in below. Connect OR Email * Password * Forgot password? Sign in Create an account Create a free IEA account to download our reports or subcribe to a paid service. Join for free Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Why are buildings important? The buildings sector, which includes energy used for constructing, heating, cooling and lighting homes and businesses, as well as the appliances and equipment installed in them, accounts for over one third of global energy consumption and emissions. Why do buildings matter for clean energy transitions? Global floor area is growing rapidly, especially in developing countries, and growing wealth means more and more consumers are buying air conditioners and other appliances. Because of the long lifetime of structures, heating and cooling systems, and other appliances, design and purchasing decisions made today will shape energy use for many years to come. Where do we need to go? Existing technologies can deliver significant energy and cost savings and other benefits, but stronger policy support such as minimum performance standards and building energy codes will be required to put the buildings sector on track with the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario. Why are buildings important? The buildings sector, which includes energy used for constructing, heating, cooling and lighting homes and businesses, as well as the appliances and equipment installed in them, accounts for over one third of global energy consumption and emissions. Why do buildings matter for clean energy transitions? Global floor area is growing rapidly, especially in developing countries, and growing wealth means more and more consumers are buying air conditioners and other appliances. Because of the long lifetime of structures, heating and cooling systems, and other appliances, design and purchasing decisions made today will shape energy use for many years to come. Where do we need to go? Existing technologies can deliver significant energy and cost savings and other benefits, but stronger policy support such as minimum performance standards and building energy codes will be required to put the buildings sector on track with the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario. Space Cooling Lighting Building Envelopes Heat Pumps Heating Data Centres and Data Transmission Networks District Heating Appliances and Equipment Country and regional highlights Major economies are increasing energy performance requirements for both new and existing buildings via policies and industry standards Major economies are increasing energy performance requirements for both new and existing buildings via policies and industry standards Countries and regions making notable progress in decarbonising buildings include the following: In China, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development implemented the General Code for Building Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Utilization in April 2022, requiring all new, expanded, or renovated buildings to be designed for energy efficiency. Japan revised buildings regulations in 2022 to require zero-energy performance for all new buildings by 2030, and for all existing buildings by 2050. The European Union ’s 2023 revision of the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (EPBD) supports the objective of achieving climate neutrality in the buildings sector by 2050 by requiring zero emissions for all new public buildings from 2026 and all new buildings from 2028, and tightening standards for existing buildings over time. In the United States, the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE), published in 2023 zero net energy and zero net carbon standards for buildings operations. CO2 emissions Direct CO2 emissions from buildings decreased to 3 Gt in 2022, while indirect CO2 emissions increased to nearly 6. 8 Gt Direct CO2 emissions from buildings decreased to 3 Gt in 2022, while indirect CO2 emissions increased to nearly 6. 8 Gt In 2022, direct emissions from buildings operations declined slightly year-on-year, in contrast to the trend over 2015 to 2021 when they grew on average almost 1% per year. At the same time, indirect emissions from buildings operations grew by around 1. 4% in 2022, reflecting an increased reliance on electricity. Emissions trends differed by region. In the European Union, emissions fell in 2022, aided by a mild winter, while in the United States, buildings emissions increased, driven by extreme temperatures. To get on track with the NZE Scenario, emissions must fall by 9% per year on average until 2030, more than halving by the end of the decade. Beyond the direct and indirect emissions from buildings operations, another 2. 5 Gt CO 2 in 2022 were associated with buildings construction, including the manufacturing and processing of cement, steel, and aluminium for buildings. Altogether, buildings operations and construction emissions account for more than one-third of global energy-related emissions. Mitigation and adaptation measures are needed across the whole buildings value chain. % IEA. Licence: CC BY 4. 0 Gt CO2 IEA. Licence: CC BY 4. 0 Energy In 2022, the buildings sector consumed about 1% more energy than the year before In 2022, the buildings sector consumed about 1% more energy than the year before % IEA. Licence: CC BY 4. 0 EJ IEA. Licence: CC BY 4. 0 Operational energy use in buildings represents about 30% of global final energy consumption. This share jumps to 34% when including the final energy use associated with the production of cement, steel and aluminium for the construction of buildings. In 2022, for the second year in a row, space cooling saw the largest increase in demand across all buildings end uses, up by more than 3% compared to 2021. By contrast, space heating energy consumption decreased by 4%, mainly driven by a mild winter in several regions, including Europe. During the past decade, energy demand in buildings has seen an average annual growth of just over 1%. In 2022 energy demand in buildings increased by nearly 1% compared with 2021. Electricity accounted for about 35% of buildings’ energy use in 2022, up from 30% in 2010. Despite a progressive shift from fossil fuels to other energy sources and vectors – especially electricity and renewables – fossil fuel use in buildings has increased at an average annual growth rate of 0. 5% since 2010. In the NZE Scenario, energy consumption in buildings drops by around 25% and fossil fuel use decreases by more than 40% by 2030. The traditional use of biomass, associated with air pollution and its health consequences, is completely phased out and universal energy access, as delineated in United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 7, is achieved. Activity Advances in energy efficiency are key to boosting progress in decoupling energy consumption from floor area growth Advances in energy efficiency are key to boosting progress in decoupling energy consumption from floor area growth IEA. Licence: CC BY 4. 0 By 2030, global floor area is expected to increase by around 15%, equivalent to the entire built floor area of North America today. Around 80% of this floor area growth is expected to be in emerging market and developing economies. At the same time, to get on track with the NZE Scenario, the energy intensity of the buildings sector needs to decline nearly five times more quickly over the next decade than it has in the past decade. This means the energy consumed per square metre in 2030 must be around 35% less than in 2022. Clean energy start-ups Venture capital investment in clean energy start-ups developing buildings technologies increased in 2022 Venture capital investment in clean energy start-ups developing buildings technologies increased in 2022 In 2022 venture capital (VC) investment increased across the energy sector, providing support to entrepreneurs and acting as an important complement to R&D budgets allocated by governments and companies. In buildings, early-stage VC, which typically supports new companies developing less mature technologies, more than tripled. Growth-stage VC, which enables more mature companies to scale up and improve market uptake, was up 70% relative to 2021. Among early-stage start-ups, construction and renovation (nearly 40%) and energy management and control systems (33%) were the top areas for buildings VC investments in 2022. There was strong growth in heating and cooling technologies: early-stage VC in this area jumped from USD 15 million in 2021 to over USD 100 million in 2022. By comparison, there was close to zero growth-stage VC investment in heating and cooling – nearly 70% of these being concentrated in construction and renovation and another 25% in energy management and control systems. billion USD (2022) IEA. Licence: CC BY 4. 0 million USD (2022) IEA. Licence: CC BY 4. 0 For more information Explore the IEA's Clean Energy Technology Guide Supporting infrastructure The deployment of zero-carbon-ready buildings requires co-ordination with infrastructure and device deployment The deployment of zero-carbon-ready buildings requires co-ordination with infrastructure and device deployment The feasibility and optimality of clean technology use in buildings relies on various elements of enabling infrastructure. These include distribution systems within buildings for ventilation and/or water, district energy networks for heating and cooling, electric and thermal storage devices, integrated control systems, and electric vehicle chargers. Buildings equipped with digital technologies for demand-side response, such as smart thermostats and on-site renewable energy generation and storage, can interact with the power grid to limit spikes in energy demand that are costly to consumers and taxing for transmission grids. Efforts to make sure buildings strategies are compatible with future development of the electricity grid and other relevant infrastructure are critical to get on track with NZE Scenario milestones. Policy Energy efficiency and clean buildings policies continue to expand, but gaps remain Energy efficiency and clean buildings policies continue to expand, but gaps remain Several countries have strengthened regulations mandating net zero or zero-carbon-ready buildings in recent years: The United States’ Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 introduced tax credits for home energy assessments, insulation, installation of heat pumps, solar panels and heaters, and battery storage. Tax credits incentivise the construction and sale of more energy-efficient homes. The United Kingdom 's Energy Security Strategy in 2022 aims to improve the efficiency of homes. In addition, a Social Housing Decarbonisation Fund was introduced to reduce reliance on gas in homes. Ireland has allocated substantial state funding towards grants for home insulation, particularly for households in energy poverty. Türkiye tightened regulations in 2023 to require all new buildings to be nearly zero-energy, with thicker insulation and at least 5% of demand met by renewable energy sources. In 2022, India introduced an energy conservation code for commercial and residential buildings that requires the use of renewable energy. In 2023, Japan added energy reduction and insulation requirements to the Flat 35 home loan mortgage scheme. Lower interest rates are available for zero-energy homes. Korea launched in 2022 the “Energy Cashback” pilot programme that incentivises households to reduce energy consumption. With the 2022 National Construction Code, Australia strengthened energy efficiency requirements for new homes and apartments for the first time in a decade. View all buildings policies Policies and Measures database (PAMS) Investment Investment in energy efficiency and clean technologies in the buildings sector has increased, but still falls far short of levels needed in the NZE Scenario Investment in energy efficiency and clean technologies in the buildings sector has increased, but still falls far short of levels needed in the NZE Scenario billion USD (2022) IEA. Licence: CC BY 4. 0 Investment in energy efficiency in buildings increased by about 14% to over USD 250 billion in 2022, continuing the rapid growth of the past few years. Maintaining similar progress of at least 11% year-on-year growth could put the sector on track to reach 2030 annual investment levels needed in the NZE Scenario. The increase in efficiency investment in 2022 was the result of continued spending in major markets including the United States, Germany and Italy. The Russian invasion of Ukraine also spurred the broader Europe region to use energy efficiency as a tool to ensure energy security, and the US Inflation Reduction Act is already having an effect. Meanwhile, spending decreased in China alongside a 10% reduction in construction sector investment, which also slowed the delivery of buildings meeting Chinese green building standards. Early signals suggest that a major slowdown can be expected in 2023. Increased geopolitical uncertainty surrounding the length of the conflict in Ukraine combined with adverse global economic trends, including high inflation and stringent monetary policies, are expected to slow construction and energy efficiency spending. This is compounded by the end of a subsidy cycle in many markets, including in China and Europe. Such a setback may prevent the sector from reaching its end-of-the-decade target in the NZE Scenario, which calls for investment to more than double. International collaboration International collaboration is critical to catalyse global action to decarbonise built environments and strengthen value chains for clean buildings technologies International collaboration is critical to catalyse global action to decarbonise built environments and strengthen value chains for clean buildings technologies While construction remains a relatively localised industry, value chains for building materials, appliances, and equipment are increasingly globalised. International collaboration and alignment can support countries that have limited institutional capacity to design and enforce buildings policies and encourage private sector actors to better align their buildings products with net zero objectives. In recent years: COP27 included a call for all countries to join the Buildings Breakthrough. Over 16 countries and 13 initiatives or foundations have expressed support for the joint vision of making near-zero emission and climate-resilient buildings the new normal by 2030. The Product Efficiency Call to Action was launched by the SEAD Initiative in the lead-up to COP26 with the goal of doubling the efficiency of sales of four key products – air conditioners, refrigerators, motors and lighting – by 2030. The Clean Cooling Collaborative, a philanthropic initiative of ClimateWorks Foundation, was launched in 2017 to make cooling more sustainable and accessible. The Clean Heat Forum, an initiative launched under the Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction in 2021, aims to accelerate transformation for buildings’ heating decarbonisation across countries. The Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction, the World Green Building Council and the Global Buildings Performance Network, among others, are key initiatives to catalyse buildings’ decarbonisation on an international scale. Other examples of governments and broader stakeholder groups sharing knowledge and best practice include the IEA Technology Collaboration Programmes and the Energy Efficiency Hub, which recently launched the Energy Efficiency in Buildings Task Group. Private sector strategies An increasing number of companies are targeting low-carbon constructions An increasing number of companies are targeting low-carbon constructions The buildings sector can contribute to achieving net zero emissions at the system level by tackling embodied emissions associated with building construction, equipment and materials. Several construction companies and equipment manufacturers are developing robust decarbonisation plans, pledging to use 100% net zero concrete, implement material efficiency strategies, and reuse and recycle materials. 1 Implement zero-carbon-ready building standards for new and existing buildings, establish enforcement and compliance procedures Building energy codes are an essential policy tool for improving buildings performance. Adapting energy codes to include metrics for life cycle emissions and resiliency requirements is fundamental to reflect evolving needs for decarbonising buildings and improving building performance, comfort, and resilience. Regulations can also require that new buildings be “demand-response ready” to enable future flexibility. 2 Introduce supporting information instruments and incentives to drive implementation of the regulations Building energy performance certificate schemes or disclosure programmes can enhance compliance with building codes by publicising important data about buildings’ energy efficiency and informing consumer choices. Award and recognition programmes can further encourage low-carbon constructions. Expedited administrative permitting procedures privileging high-performing new builds or retrofit projects can incentivise the implementation of efficiency measures. Enforcement, monitoring and compliance practices should be streamlined to reduce the bureaucratic burden on buildings stakeholders. Clear guidance for the accounting and reporting of buildings performance indicators is essential. Policy makers should also introduce and strengthen product standards to accelerate the shift towards best-in-class appliances and equipment. 3 Set clear and measurable targets to drive the market transformation towards high-performing buildings Setting mandatory targets towards zero-carbon-ready buildings fosters market growth and facilitates long-term investment decisions. Targets can include renewable penetration quota, fossil fuel bans, and target renovation rates to foster market growth and facilitate long-term investment decisions. 4 Stimulate financing and market mechanisms to increase the affordability of best-in-class products Financing and market mechanisms are needed to accelerate the clean energy transition. Governments can enact policy interventions to improve access to financing and de-risk clean energy investment to enhance the attractiveness of buildings sector investment. They can also broaden the availability of market-based instruments that reduce barriers to the transition, for example via means-tested subsidies for household to retrofits or weatherisation, or installation of lower-carbon and more efficient appliances and equipment. Public competitions to stimulate innovation, such as the Buildings Upgrade Prize developed by the US Department of Energy Building Technologies Office, can support the development and scaling of innovative concepts through cash prizes and technical support. 5 Deliver public awareness campaigns encouraging behavioural changes Public awareness campaigns can be used to disseminate behavioural insights and encourage collective action, such as thermostat adjustments or other low-cost actions. Campaigns rolled out across the European Union during the 2022 energy crisis provide an example that future policies could draw from. 6 Financial instruments can motivate consumers and developers to increase investment in energy-efficient solutions Financial instruments to unlock additional financing for zero-carbon-ready buildings and products can encourage clean investment among building owners and occupants. Via green mortgages, for example, a bank can offer preferential access to finance, such as discounted interest rates for buildings construction or products meeting certain efficiency and sustainability criteria. Green mortgages have been offered in the United Kingdom and Australia. New business models are critical for reaching all market segments, in particular business models that reduce the upfront capital cost associated with the most energy-efficient and low-carbon buildings technologies. Solutions such as heating-as-a-service, cooling-as-a-service, and on-bill and on-wage financing have proven successful in several markets. 7 Set long-term decarbonisation plans and net zero pledges Developing long-term company targets and implementation strategies for net zero emissions will allow decision makers to define and plan the necessary short-term actions to achieve longer-term goals, as well as to track progress over time. Such a strategy will help companies meet the growing demand for whole life cycle low-carbon products. Last update on 11 Jul 2023 Authors and contributors Technology Collaboration Programme Advancing the research, development and commercialisation of energy technologies Technology Collaboration Programme Technology and Innovation Pathways for Zero-carbon-ready Buildings by 2030 This report provides the strategic vision of experts from the IEA Technology Collaboration Programmes (TCPs) on how to help achieve some of the most impactful short-term milestones for the buildings sector outlined in the IEA’s Net Zero by 2050 Roadmap. Read more Technology and Innovation Pathways for Zero-carbon-ready Buildings by 2030 A strategic vision from the IEA Technology Collaboration Programmes Technology report — 01 September 2022 Authors and contributors Lead authors Chiara Delmastro Olivia Chen Contributors France d'Agrain Tanguy De Bienassis Clara Camarasa Jean-Baptiste Le Marois Ksenia Petrichenko Subscription successful


=== 2025-11-06 07:38:08 | https://www.iea.org | 2.87 KB ===

IEA – International Energy Agency You are connecting via IP recognition from. If you wish to proceed, click on Connect. If you prefer to log into your personal account, please sign in below. Connect OR Email * Password * Forgot password? Sign in Create an account Create a free IEA account to download our reports or subcribe to a paid service. Join for free Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Latest news, commentaries and reports Energy security Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025 Industry Integrated energy and water management will boost savings in industry Natural gas Coming surge in LNG production is set to reshape global gas markets Energy innovation IEA’s second Energy Innovation Forum shines spotlight on key role of innovation in achieving policy goals Energy Security New podcast episode focuses on risks to Ukraine’s energy security this winter 6 Nov 2025 IEA at COP30 6 Nov 2025 15: 00—16: 30 Renewables 2025: Webinar 12 Nov 2025 11: 00—11: 40 World Energy Outlook 2025 Diversification drives energy security, yet critical minerals are moving in the opposite direction. Critical minerals, which are essential for a range of energy technologies and for the broader economy, have become a major focus in global policy and trade discussions. The Global Critical Minerals Outlook 2025 includes a detailed assessment of the latest market and investment trends, along with their implications for critical minerals security. Read the report The Energy Mix Featured videos How much energy is needed to power AI? Play video What happened when Moldova’s main power plant went dark? Play video Global electricity demand growth is set to soar Play video Why the world's electricity grids need more attention Play video Data explorers Data visualisations and other interactive tools Browse Data sets Free and paid data sets from across the energy system Explore Policies database Past, existing or planned government policies and measures Search Chart library Access every chart published across IEA reports and analysis Discover The world is moving at speed into the Age of Electricity Learn more The deepening ties between energy and AI Explore Loading content Loading content Energy Security Access and Affordability Climate Change Artificial Intelligence Energy Innovation Critical Minerals Investment Energy and Gender Shaping a secure and sustainable energy future for all The IEA is at the heart of the global dialogue on energy Learn more about our mission Understand the global energy system Reports and analysis Explore authoritative data sets and visualisations Data and statistics Keep up with the global dialogue on energy News and commentaries Subscription successful




# --- https://www.iea.org/events/world-energy-outlook-2025 ---
Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025 – Analysis - IEA You are connecting via IP recognition from. If you wish to proceed, click on Connect. If you prefer to log into your personal account, please sign in below. Connect OR Email * Password * Forgot password? Sign in Create an account Create a free IEA account to download our reports or subcribe to a paid service. Join for free Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Add to calendar Add to calendar Apple Calendar Google Calendar Outlook Share The IEA’s flagship World Energy Outlook ( WEO ) is the world’s most authoritative source of global energy analysis and projections. Updated each year to reflect all the latest energy data, technology and market trends, and government policies – it explores a range of possible energy futures and considers their implications for energy security, emissions and economic development. The 2025 Outlook comes against a backdrop of major shifts in energy policies and markets, and acute geopolitical strains. Governments are reaching different conclusions about the best ways to tackle concerns about energy security, affordability, and the increasingly visible impacts of climate change. The rise of artificial intelligence has transformative potential for the energy sector. In part because of AI, electricity demand growth is accelerating as the world enters a new Age of Electricity – with coal, gas, renewables and nuclear all jostling to provide the additional supply. Potential energy security vulnerabilities encompass oil, gas and electricity markets, as well as energy technology and critical mineral supply chains. The WEO-2025 will contain multiple scenarios that reflect the wide spectrum of possible outcomes that today's markets and policies imply. These will include exploratory scenarios that flow from different assumptions about existing policies, including the Current Policies Scenario, as well as normative pathways that achieve energy and emissions goals in full, including climate targets, improvements in air quality and universal access to modern energy. As ever, the WEO will provide unrivalled insights into the consequences of different energy policy and investment choices. 6 - 21 Nov 2025 IEA at COP30 Conference — Belém, Brazil 13 Nov 2025 Oil Market Report – November 2025 Report launch 13 Nov 2025 09: 00—10: 00 Integrating Solar and Wind in Southeast Asia Webinar Webinar 18 Nov 2025 11: 00—12: 00 What Next for the Global Car Industry? Report launch 19 Nov 2025 09: 00—10: 30 Gas Market Outlook and LNG Decarbonisation in Southeast Asia Webinar Webinar 20 Nov 2025 Energy Efficiency 2025 Report launch 27 Nov 2025 IEA EGRD Workshop: Building resilient and robust clean energy supply chains Workshop — Petten, The Netherlands 1 Dec 2025 Southeast Asia Energy Efficiency Policy Training Week 2025 Training — Hanoi, Viet Nam Cite report Copy to clipboard Share this report Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Email Print Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Laura Cozzi, Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Tim Gould, Chief Energy Economist Commentary — 05 November 2025 Cite commentary IEA (2025), Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025, IEA, Paris https: //www. iea. org/commentaries/scenarios-in-the-world-energy-outlook-2025, Licence: CC BY 4. 0 Copy to clipboard Share this commentary Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Email Print The new World Energy Outlook will be published on 12 November The World Energy Outlook has long been recognised as the gold standard of long-term energy modelling and this year’s edition will be published on 12 November. Since it was published as an annual report in 1998, the approach of the World Energy Outlook has never been to provide a single vision of the future but rather to view the world through different lenses or scenarios. All scenarios have the same starting point based on the latest data for energy supply and demand, markets, technology costs and policies, as well as the same assumptions for future population and economic growth. However, depending on the scenario, different assumptions on policies, end goals or the ability to overcome technological barriers can mean very different energy futures. This approach allows for a comparison of the effects and implications of different energy choices against a common backdrop. Every year, we carefully review the scenarios included in the WEO to make sure they remain as useful and relevant as possible to policymakers and other stakeholders. This year is no different, and the WEO-2025 will see some changes from the past several years in the suite of energy futures it considers. Multiple scenarios enable us to explore different aspects of energy security, affordability and sustainability None of the scenarios in the WEO are a forecast. A framework that includes multiple scenarios allows us to explore the consequences of different policy choices for the key policy priorities of energy security, affordability and sustainability. The WEO-2025 will include two exploratory scenarios: the Current Policies Scenario (CPS) and the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS). Neither of these scenarios target any particular outcome. They do not assume that aspirational objectives – such as those in the Paris Agreement – are met. The CPS was a regular feature of the International Energy Agency’s suite of scenarios until the WEO-2020, when it was discontinued amid turmoil in energy markets and rapid changes in the policy landscape during the Covid‑19 pandemic. Now that the world has passed through the pandemic and the global energy crisis, there is merit in revisiting the CPS. The WEO-2025 will also include two normative scenarios that map out ways to achieve specific outcomes: the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE) Scenario, and a new scenario called the Accelerating Clean Cooking and Electricity Services Scenario (ACCESS). The ACCESS scenario builds on the best examples of rapid historical progress to develop a country-by-country pathway to universal access to modern energy services. The WEO this year will not include the Announced Pledges Scenario (APS). The APS has been included in the WEO since 2021 and models a future for the energy system in which all national energy and climate targets – such as countries’ nationally determined contributions – are achieved in full and on time. The intention for WEO-2025 had been to assess the new round of NDCs that were due this year, generally covering the period 2031-35. However, many countries are yet to announce or update their targets, and an update to the APS would give only a partial picture of the implications for energy and emissions. These will be reflected in future analysis. In this commentary, we provide more information on the WEO-2025 ’s scenarios, while focusing on the differences between the two exploratory scenarios – the CPS and STEPS – as a way of providing some context for the upcoming WEO. Transparency on the underlying assumptions Understanding a scenario requires transparency on the underlying assumptions, in particular the rates of economic and population growth, the way that technology costs evolve, the assumptions on policies and other key variables. The assumptions included in each scenario and how these differ will, as always, be published on our website and in the WEO itself, alongside detailed information on the workings of the model that we use to generate the projections. The Current Policies Scenario: Anchored in enacted laws and measures Every country has a core set of laws and regulations that govern its energy sector. These laws typically cover, for example, the structure and functioning of the power sector; the way that companies can explore for fossil fuels and energy-related minerals and produce them; how energy prices and tariffs are set; and which taxes and subsidies are applied. In many cases, there is specific legislation that sets out how renewable energy enters the system – via feed-in tariffs, auctions or investment incentives – as well as how energy efficiency is treated – via building codes, appliance standards or industrial efficiency requirements. Legislation in other sectors – in transport and industrial policies, for example – can shape the evolution of the energy sector. Environmental legislation has strong implications for energy, including pollution controls, carbon markets and taxes. The CPS looks at the evolution of the energy sector based on a detailed reading of this existing legislation. The CPS might seem like a “business as usual” scenario, but this terminology can be misleading in an energy system where new technologies are already being deployed at scale, underpinned by robust economics and mature, existing policy frameworks. In these areas, “business as usual” would imply continuing the current process of change and, in some cases, accelerating it. In the CPS, however, potential constraints slow the uptake of these new technologies, whether due to insufficient infrastructure, grid integration costs, a lack of institutional capacity or financing, or the absence of continued policy support. It therefore tends to project slower adoption of new technologies than has been seen in recent years, or than is seen in the STEPS. The Stated Policies Scenario: A dynamic reading of today’s policy settings In addition to measures that are already in place, governments also signal their energy policy intentions before locking them in via legislation (at which point they are included in the CPS). Many governments produce strategy documents that indicate what initiatives they plan to take during their term in office. These may require new or amended legislation, which needs to work its way through parliament. They may involve other elements of rulemaking, to strengthen or weaken efficiency standards for various products, for example, or to introduce or withdraw support schemes for various energy technologies. These legislative, budget and regulatory processes all take time, but the intentions are clearly visible in advance of their formal adoption. Many countries – especially developing economies – also outline energy-related goals in broader multiyear development plans. These can be energy-specific (such as power sector development plans that include targets for the future generation mix) or anchored in broader economic or poverty reduction strategies. All these additional considerations feed into the STEPS. However, we do not assume that all policy intentions seamlessly become reality – their prospects are subject to an assessment of relevant market, infrastructure and financial constraints. We do not automatically assume that countries’ nationally determined contributions are achieved nor do we do so for more aspirational goals, such as those of the Paris Agreement. How existing policies are interpreted in the CPS and STEPS Policies are a critical differentiating factor between the CPS and STEPS, yet they are sometimes imprecise and can also be translated in different ways and lead to different outcomes. For example, many existing policies are time-bound or target specific years. In the CPS, these policies continue after their end-date but are assumed not to be strengthened. The STEPS assumes they continue and are strengthened in line with the previous ambition. For example, vehicle efficiency standards in Japan aim to improve the efficiency of new cars sold to around 4 litres per 100 km in 2030 (down from 5 litres per 100 km in 2016). This is achieved in both the STEPS and CPS. After 203


##### Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025 – Analysis - IEA — https://www.iea.org/events/world-energy-outlook-2025
Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025 – Analysis - IEA You are connecting via IP recognition from. If you wish to proceed, click on Connect. If you prefer to log into your personal account, please sign in below. Connect OR Email * Password * Forgot password? Sign in Create an account Create a free IEA account to download our reports or subcribe to a paid service. Join for free Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Add to calendar Add to calendar Apple Calendar Google Calendar Outlook Share The IEA’s flagship World Energy Outlook ( WEO ) is the world’s most authoritative source of global energy analysis and projections. Updated each year to reflect all the latest energy data, technology and market trends, and government policies – it explores a range of possible energy futures and considers their implications for energy security, emissions and economic development. The 2025 Outlook comes against a backdrop of major shifts in energy policies and markets, and acute geopolitical strains. Governments are reaching different conclusions about the best ways to tackle concerns about energy security, affordability, and the increasingly visible impacts of climate change. The rise of artificial intelligence has transformative potential for the energy sector. In part because of AI, electricity demand growth is accelerating as the world enters a new Age of Electricity – with coal, gas, renewables and nuclear all jostling to provide the additional supply. Potential energy security vulnerabilities encompass oil, gas and electricity markets, as well as energy technology and critical mineral supply chains. The WEO-2025 will contain multiple scenarios that reflect the wide spectrum of possible outcomes that today's markets and policies imply. These will include exploratory scenarios that flow from different assumptions about existing policies, including the Current Policies Scenario, as well as normative pathways that achieve energy and emissions goals in full, including climate targets, improvements in air quality and universal access to modern energy. As ever, the WEO will provide unrivalled insights into the consequences of different energy policy and investment choices. 6 - 21 Nov 2025 IEA at COP30 Conference — Belém, Brazil 13 Nov 2025 Oil Market Report – November 2025 Report launch 13 Nov 2025 09: 00—10: 00 Integrating Solar and Wind in Southeast Asia Webinar Webinar 18 Nov 2025 11: 00—12: 00 What Next for the Global Car Industry? Report launch 19 Nov 2025 09: 00—10: 30 Gas Market Outlook and LNG Decarbonisation in Southeast Asia Webinar Webinar 20 Nov 2025 Energy Efficiency 2025 Report launch 27 Nov 2025 IEA EGRD Workshop: Building resilient and robust clean energy supply chains Workshop — Petten, The Netherlands 1 Dec 2025 Southeast Asia Energy Efficiency Policy Training Week 2025 Training — Hanoi, Viet Nam Cite report Copy to clipboard Share this report Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Email Print Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Laura Cozzi, Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Tim Gould, Chief Energy Economist Commentary — 05 November 2025 Cite commentary IEA (2025), Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025, IEA, Paris https: //www. iea. org/commentaries/scenarios-in-the-world-energy-outlook-2025, Licence: CC BY 4. 0 Copy to clipboard Share this commentary Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Email Print The new World Energy Outlook will be published on 12 November The World Energy Outlook has long been recognised as the gold standard of long-term energy modelling and this year’s edition will be published on 12 November. Since it was published as an annual report in 1998, the approach of the World Energy Outlook has never been to provide a single vision of the future but rather to view the world through different lenses or scenarios. All scenarios have the same starting point based on the latest data for energy supply and demand, markets, technology costs and policies, as well as the same assumptions for future population and economic growth. However, depending on the scenario, different assumptions on policies, end goals or the ability to overcome technological barriers can mean very different energy futures. This approach allows for a comparison of the effects and implications of different energy choices against a common backdrop. Every year, we carefully review the scenarios included in the WEO to make sure they remain as useful and relevant as possible to policymakers and other stakeholders. This year is no different, and the WEO-2025 will see some changes from the past several years in the suite of energy futures it considers. Multiple scenarios enable us to explore different aspects of energy security, affordability and sustainability None of the scenarios in the WEO are a forecast. A framework that includes multiple scenarios allows us to explore the consequences of different policy choices for the key policy priorities of energy security, affordability and sustainability. The WEO-2025 will include two exploratory scenarios: the Current Policies Scenario (CPS) and the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS). Neither of these scenarios target any particular outcome. They do not assume that aspirational objectives – such as those in the Paris Agreement – are met. The CPS was a regular feature of the International Energy Agency’s suite of scenarios until the WEO-2020, when it was discontinued amid turmoil in energy markets and rapid changes in the policy landscape during the Covid‑19 pandemic. Now that the world has passed through the pandemic and the global energy crisis, there is merit in revisiting the CPS. The WEO-2025 will also include two normative scenarios that map out ways to achieve specific outcomes: the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE) Scenario, and a new scenario called the Accelerating Clean Cooking and Electricity Services Scenario (ACCESS). The ACCESS scenario builds on the best examples of rapid historical progress to develop a country-by-country pathway to universal access to modern energy services. The WEO this year will not include the Announced Pledges Scenario (APS). The APS has been included in the WEO since 2021 and models a future for the energy system in which all national energy and climate targets – such as countries’ nationally determined contributions – are achieved in full and on time. The intention for WEO-2025 had been to assess the new round of NDCs that were due this year, generally covering the period 2031-35. However, many countries are yet to announce or update their targets, and an update to the APS would give only a partial picture of the implications for energy and emissions. These will be reflected in future analysis. In this commentary, we provide more information on the WEO-2025 ’s scenarios, while focusing on the differences between the two exploratory scenarios – the CPS and STEPS – as a way of providing some context for the upcoming WEO. Transparency on the underlying assumptions Understanding a scenario requires transparency on the underlying assumptions, in particular the rates of economic and population growth, the way that technology costs evolve, the assumptions on policies and other key variables. The assumptions included in each scenario and how these differ will, as always, be published on our website and in the WEO itself, alongside detailed information on the workings of the model that we use to generate the projections. The Current Policies Scenario: Anchored in enacted laws and measures Every country has a core set of laws and regulations that govern its energy sector. These laws typically cover, for example, the structure and functioning of the power sector; the way that companies can explore for fossil fuels and energy-related minerals and produce them; how energy prices and tariffs are set; and which taxes and subsidies are applied. In many cases, there is specific legislation that sets out how renewable energy enters the system – via feed-in tariffs, auctions or investment incentives – as well as how energy efficiency is treated – via building codes, appliance standards or industrial efficiency requirements. Legislation in other sectors – in transport and industrial policies, for example – can shape the evolution of the energy sector. Environmental legislation has strong implications for energy, including pollution controls, carbon markets and taxes. The CPS looks at the evolution of the energy sector based on a detailed reading of this existing legislation. The CPS might seem like a “business as usual” scenario, but this terminology can be misleading in an energy system where new technologies are already being deployed at scale, underpinned by robust economics and mature, existing policy frameworks. In these areas, “business as usual” would imply continuing the current process of change and, in some cases, accelerating it. In the CPS, however, potential constraints slow the uptake of these new technologies, whether due to insufficient infrastructure, grid integration costs, a lack of institutional capacity or financing, or the absence of continued policy support. It therefore tends to project slower adoption of new technologies than has been seen in recent years, or than is seen in the STEPS. The Stated Policies Scenario: A dynamic reading of today’s policy settings In addition to measures that are already in place, governments also signal their energy policy intentions before locking them in via legislation (at which point they are included in the CPS). Many governments produce strategy documents that indicate what initiatives they plan to take during their term in office. These may require new or amended legislation, which needs to work its way through parliament. They may involve other elements of rulemaking, to strengthen or weaken efficiency standards for various products, for example, or to introduce or withdraw support schemes for various energy technologies. These legislative, budget and regulatory processes all take time, but the intentions are clearly visible in advance of their formal adoption. Many countries – especially developing economies – also outline energy-related goals in broader multiyear development plans. These can be energy-specific (such as power sector development plans that include targets for the future generation mix) or anchored in broader economic or poverty reduction strategies. All these additional considerations feed into the STEPS. However, we do not assume that all policy intentions seamlessly become reality – their prospects are subject to an assessment of relevant market, infrastructure and financial constraints. We do not automatically assume that countries’ nationally determined contributions are achieved nor do we do so for more aspirational goals, such as those of the Paris Agreement. How existing policies are interpreted in the CPS and STEPS Policies are a critical differentiating factor between the CPS and STEPS, yet they are sometimes imprecise and can also be translated in different ways and lead to different outcomes. For example, many existing policies are time-bound or target specific years. In the CPS, these policies continue after their end-date but are assumed not to be strengthened. The STEPS assumes they continue and are strengthened in line with the previous ambition. For example, vehicle efficiency standards in Japan aim to improve the efficiency of new cars sold to around 4 litres per 100 km in 2030 (down from 5 litres per 100 km in 2016). This is achieved in both the STEPS and CPS. After 2030, the CPS assumes that new cars sold in Japan will continue to have an efficiency of around 4 litres per 100 km, while the STEPS assumes that the efficiency of new cars sold will continue to improve (reaching around 3 litres per 100 km in 2050). Differences go beyond policies Policies profoundly shape outcomes, but they do not determine them. They can be overachieved, underachieved, repealed or strengthened. The extent to which they are successful depends on many things, including their legal form, their level of specificity, the incentives on offer, and the way they are implemented. There are many factors in a complex energy system that affect the direction of travel, including macroeconomic and financial conditions, investor strategies, innovation and technology progress, consumer preferences, and broader geopolitical factors. Capturing all this complexity is a daunting task for any forward-looking Outlook, but these factors all feature in the design and presentation of our scenarios. In general, the CPS assumes slow progress in overcoming technology challenges and barriers while the STEPS assumes that a greater speed of change is possible. These additional considerations have always been a feature of the CPS and STEPS published in previous editions of the WEO. The ACCESS scenario: A roadmap for universal energy access Rapid progress on energy access has been made in recent decades in some regions and countries. Still, billions of people in around 100 countries remain without access to basic modern energy services, and the number of people without access to energy in sub-Saharan Africa has risen since 2010. The new ACCESS scenario included in the WEO-2025 is a roadmap to achieve universal access to electricity by 2035 and clean cooking by 2040. It is grounded in practical constraints and solutions, examining what historical rates of progress have been achieved in the past – and then prioritises cost-effective, proven means to replicate those successes. It explores all relevant fuels and technologies required to achieve universal access as well as the infrastructure, policies and financing needed to scale them up. The Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario In 2021, the IEA was asked by the COP26 Presidency to give an indication of what achieving the 1. 5 °C goal would mean for the energy sector. The NZE Scenario, which responded to this request, represents a global pathway for the energy sector towards the goal of limiting warming to 1. 5 °C. It describes a pathway to reducing global energy‑related carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions to net zero by 2050, alongside achieving goals on universal energy access and large reductions in air pollution. It does this while recognising that there are various paths to reaching these objectives and that each country will have its own route. The NZE Scenario has been updated in the WEO every year since 2021. Because of the delay in reducing emissions, each successive update factors in higher cumulative emissions and higher peak warming. In the WEO-2024 version of the NZE Scenario, peak warming reached just below 1. 6 °C around 2040 before subsequently declining to below 1. 5 °C by 2100. The level of long-term warming today stands at around 1. 4 °C. Based on the latest trends of technology deployment, sector by sector – including slower improvements in efficiency and electrification of some end-uses, and lower deployment of hydrogen and carbon capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS) – the nearer-term emissions trajectory for the NZE Scenario in the WEO-2025 has again been revised upwards. At the same time, the goal of net zero emissions by 2050 is retained in the scenario design. As countries prepare to consider the next round of nationally determined contributions under the Paris Agreement, the updated NZE Scenario pathway provides an overview of what would it take to keep alive the possibility of limiting the rise in global average temperatures to 1. 5 °C, taking into account recent data on energy, technology, investment and emissions. Subscription successful=== 2025-11-12 04:55:00 | https://www.iea.org/events/world-energy-outlook-2025 | 15.78 KB ===

Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025 – Analysis - IEA You are connecting via IP recognition from. If you wish to proceed, click on Connect. If you prefer to log into your personal account, please sign in below. Connect OR Email * Password * Forgot password? Sign in Create an account Create a free IEA account to download our reports or subcribe to a paid service. Join for free Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Add to calendar Add to calendar Apple Calendar Google Calendar Outlook Share The IEA’s flagship World Energy Outlook ( WEO ) is the world’s most authoritative source of global energy analysis and projections. Updated each year to reflect all the latest energy data, technology and market trends, and government policies – it explores a range of possible energy futures and considers their implications for energy security, emissions and economic development. The 2025 Outlook comes against a backdrop of major shifts in energy policies and markets, and acute geopolitical strains. Governments are reaching different conclusions about the best ways to tackle concerns about energy security, affordability, and the increasingly visible impacts of climate change. The rise of artificial intelligence has transformative potential for the energy sector. In part because of AI, electricity demand growth is accelerating as the world enters a new Age of Electricity – with coal, gas, renewables and nuclear all jostling to provide the additional supply. Potential energy security vulnerabilities encompass oil, gas and electricity markets, as well as energy technology and critical mineral supply chains. The WEO-2025 will contain multiple scenarios that reflect the wide spectrum of possible outcomes that today's markets and policies imply. These will include exploratory scenarios that flow from different assumptions about existing policies, including the Current Policies Scenario, as well as normative pathways that achieve energy and emissions goals in full, including climate targets, improvements in air quality and universal access to modern energy. As ever, the WEO will provide unrivalled insights into the consequences of different energy policy and investment choices. 6 - 21 Nov 2025 IEA at COP30 Conference — Belém, Brazil 13 Nov 2025 Oil Market Report – November 2025 Report launch 13 Nov 2025 09: 00—10: 00 Integrating Solar and Wind in Southeast Asia Webinar Webinar 18 Nov 2025 11: 00—12: 00 What Next for the Global Car Industry? Report launch 19 Nov 2025 09: 00—10: 30 Gas Market Outlook and LNG Decarbonisation in Southeast Asia Webinar Webinar 20 Nov 2025 Energy Efficiency 2025 Report launch 27 Nov 2025 IEA EGRD Workshop: Building resilient and robust clean energy supply chains Workshop — Petten, The Netherlands 1 Dec 2025 Southeast Asia Energy Efficiency Policy Training Week 2025 Training — Hanoi, Viet Nam Cite report Copy to clipboard Share this report Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Email Print Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Laura Cozzi, Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Tim Gould, Chief Energy Economist Commentary — 05 November 2025 Cite commentary IEA (2025), Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025, IEA, Paris https: //www. iea. org/commentaries/scenarios-in-the-world-energy-outlook-2025, Licence: CC BY 4. 0 Copy to clipboard Share this commentary Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Email Print The new World Energy Outlook will be published on 12 November The World Energy Outlook has long been recognised as the gold standard of long-term energy modelling and this year’s edition will be published on 12 November. Since it was published as an annual report in 1998, the approach of the World Energy Outlook has never been to provide a single vision of the future but rather to view the world through different lenses or scenarios. All scenarios have the same starting point based on the latest data for energy supply and demand, markets, technology costs and policies, as well as the same assumptions for future population and economic growth. However, depending on the scenario, different assumptions on policies, end goals or the ability to overcome technological barriers can mean very different energy futures. This approach allows for a comparison of the effects and implications of different energy choices against a common backdrop. Every year, we carefully review the scenarios included in the WEO to make sure they remain as useful and relevant as possible to policymakers and other stakeholders. This year is no different, and the WEO-2025 will see some changes from the past several years in the suite of energy futures it considers. Multiple scenarios enable us to explore different aspects of energy security, affordability and sustainability None of the scenarios in the WEO are a forecast. A framework that includes multiple scenarios allows us to explore the consequences of different policy choices for the key policy priorities of energy security, affordability and sustainability. The WEO-2025 will include two exploratory scenarios: the Current Policies Scenario (CPS) and the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS). Neither of these scenarios target any particular outcome. They do not assume that aspirational objectives – such as those in the Paris Agreement – are met. The CPS was a regular feature of the International Energy Agency’s suite of scenarios until the WEO-2020, when it was discontinued amid turmoil in energy markets and rapid changes in the policy landscape during the Covid‑19 pandemic. Now that the world has passed through the pandemic and the global energy crisis, there is merit in revisiting the CPS. The WEO-2025 will also include two normative scenarios that map out ways to achieve specific outcomes: the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE) Scenario, and a new scenario called the Accelerating Clean Cooking and Electricity Services Scenario (ACCESS). The ACCESS scenario builds on the best examples of rapid historical progress to develop a country-by-country pathway to universal access to modern energy services. The WEO this year will not include the Announced Pledges Scenario (APS). The APS has been included in the WEO since 2021 and models a future for the energy system in which all national energy and climate targets – such as countries’ nationally determined contributions – are achieved in full and on time. The intention for WEO-2025 had been to assess the new round of NDCs that were due this year, generally covering the period 2031-35. However, many countries are yet to announce or update their targets, and an update to the APS would give only a partial picture of the implications for energy and emissions. These will be reflected in future analysis. In this commentary, we provide more information on the WEO-2025 ’s scenarios, while focusing on the differences between the two exploratory scenarios – the CPS and STEPS – as a way of providing some context for the upcoming WEO. Transparency on the underlying assumptions Understanding a scenario requires transparency on the underlying assumptions, in particular the rates of economic and population growth, the way that technology costs evolve, the assumptions on policies and other key variables. The assumptions included in each scenario and how these differ will, as always, be published on our website and in the WEO itself, alongside detailed information on the workings of the model that we use to generate the projections. The Current Policies Scenario: Anchored in enacted laws and measures Every country has a core set of laws and regulations that govern its energy sector. These laws typically cover, for example, the structure and functioning of the power sector; the way that companies can explore for fossil fuels and energy-related minerals and produce them; how energy prices and tariffs are set; and which taxes and subsidies are applied. In many cases, there is specific legislation that sets out how renewable energy enters the system – via feed-in tariffs, auctions or investment incentives – as well as how energy efficiency is treated – via building codes, appliance standards or industrial efficiency requirements. Legislation in other sectors – in transport and industrial policies, for example – can shape the evolution of the energy sector. Environmental legislation has strong implications for energy, including pollution controls, carbon markets and taxes. The CPS looks at the evolution of the energy sector based on a detailed reading of this existing legislation. The CPS might seem like a “business as usual” scenario, but this terminology can be misleading in an energy system where new technologies are already being deployed at scale, underpinned by robust economics and mature, existing policy frameworks. In these areas, “business as usual” would imply continuing the current process of change and, in some cases, accelerating it. In the CPS, however, potential constraints slow the uptake of these new technologies, whether due to insufficient infrastructure, grid integration costs, a lack of institutional capacity or financing, or the absence of continued policy support. It therefore tends to project slower adoption of new technologies than has been seen in recent years, or than is seen in the STEPS. The Stated Policies Scenario: A dynamic reading of today’s policy settings In addition to measures that are already in place, governments also signal their energy policy intentions before locking them in via legislation (at which point they are included in the CPS). Many governments produce strategy documents that indicate what initiatives they plan to take during their term in office. These may require new or amended legislation, which needs to work its way through parliament. They may involve other elements of rulemaking, to strengthen or weaken efficiency standards for various products, for example, or to introduce or withdraw support schemes for various energy technologies. These legislative, budget and regulatory processes all take time, but the intentions are clearly visible in advance of their formal adoption. Many countries – especially developing economies – also outline energy-related goals in broader multiyear development plans. These can be energy-specific (such as power sector development plans that include targets for the future generation mix) or anchored in broader economic or poverty reduction strategies. All these additional considerations feed into the STEPS. However, we do not assume that all policy intentions seamlessly become reality – their prospects are subject to an assessment of relevant market, infrastructure and financial constraints. We do not automatically assume that countries’ nationally determined contributions are achieved nor do we do so for more aspirational goals, such as those of the Paris Agreement. How existing policies are interpreted in the CPS and STEPS Policies are a critical differentiating factor between the CPS and STEPS, yet they are sometimes imprecise and can also be translated in different ways and lead to different outcomes. For example, many existing policies are time-bound or target specific years. In the CPS, these policies continue after their end-date but are assumed not to be strengthened. The STEPS assumes they continue and are strengthened in line with the previous ambition. For example, vehicle efficiency standards in Japan aim to improve the efficiency of new cars sold to around 4 litres per 100 km in 2030 (down from 5 litres per 100 km in 2016). This is achieved in both the STEPS and CPS. After 2030, the CPS assumes that new cars sold in Japan will continue to have an efficiency of around 4 litres per 100 km, while the STEPS assumes that the efficiency of new cars sold will continue to improve (reaching around 3 litres per 100 km in 2050). Differences go beyond policies Policies profoundly shape outcomes, but they do not determine them. They can be overachieved, underachieved, repealed or strengthened. The extent to which they are successful depends on many things, including their legal form, their level of specificity, the incentives on offer, and the way they are implemented. There are many factors in a complex energy system that affect the direction of travel, including macroeconomic and financial conditions, investor strategies, innovation and technology progress, consumer preferences, and broader geopolitical factors. Capturing all this complexity is a daunting task for any forward-looking Outlook, but these factors all feature in the design and presentation of our scenarios. In general, the CPS assumes slow progress in overcoming technology challenges and barriers while the STEPS assumes that a greater speed of change is possible. These additional considerations have always been a feature of the CPS and STEPS published in previous editions of the WEO. The ACCESS scenario: A roadmap for universal energy access Rapid progress on energy access has been made in recent decades in some regions and countries. Still, billions of people in around 100 countries remain without access to basic modern energy services, and the number of people without access to energy in sub-Saharan Africa has risen since 2010. The new ACCESS scenario included in the WEO-2025 is a roadmap to achieve universal access to electricity by 2035 and clean cooking by 2040. It is grounded in practical constraints and solutions, examining what historical rates of progress have been achieved in the past – and then prioritises cost-effective, proven means to replicate those successes. It explores all relevant fuels and technologies required to achieve universal access as well as the infrastructure, policies and financing needed to scale them up. The Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario In 2021, the IEA was asked by the COP26 Presidency to give an indication of what achieving the 1. 5 °C goal would mean for the energy sector. The NZE Scenario, which responded to this request, represents a global pathway for the energy sector towards the goal of limiting warming to 1. 5 °C. It describes a pathway to reducing global energy‑related carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions to net zero by 2050, alongside achieving goals on universal energy access and large reductions in air pollution. It does this while recognising that there are various paths to reaching these objectives and that each country will have its own route. The NZE Scenario has been updated in the WEO every year since 2021. Because of the delay in reducing emissions, each successive update factors in higher cumulative emissions and higher peak warming. In the WEO-2024 version of the NZE Scenario, peak warming reached just below 1. 6 °C around 2040 before subsequently declining to below 1. 5 °C by 2100. The level of long-term warming today stands at around 1. 4 °C. Based on the latest trends of technology deployment, sector by sector – including slower improvements in efficiency and electrification of some end-uses, and lower deployment of hydrogen and carbon capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS) – the nearer-term emissions trajectory for the NZE Scenario in the WEO-2025 has again been revised upwards. At the same time, the goal of net zero emissions by 2050 is retained in the scenario design. As countries prepare to consider the next round of nationally determined contributions under the Paris Agreement, the updated NZE Scenario pathway provides an overview of what would it take to keep alive the possibility of limiting the rise in global average temperatures to 1. 5 °C, taking into account recent data on energy, technology, investment and emissions. Subscription successful




# --- https://www.iea.org/events/world-energy-outlook-2025 ---
Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025 – Analysis - IEA You are connecting via IP recognition from. If you wish to proceed, click on Connect. If you prefer to log into your personal account, please sign in below. Connect OR Email * Password * Forgot password? Sign in Create an account Create a free IEA account to download our reports or subcribe to a paid service. Join for free Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Go to report Add to calendar Apple Calendar Google Calendar Outlook Share The IEA’s flagship World Energy Outlook ( WEO ) is the world’s most authoritative source of global energy analysis and projections. Updated each year to reflect all the latest energy data, technology and market trends, and government policies – it explores a range of possible energy futures and considers their implications for energy security, emissions and economic development. The 2025 Outlook comes against a backdrop of major shifts in energy policies and markets, and acute geopolitical strains. Governments are reaching different conclusions about the best ways to tackle concerns about energy security, affordability, and the increasingly visible impacts of climate change. The rise of artificial intelligence has transformative potential for the energy sector. In part because of AI, electricity demand growth is accelerating as the world enters a new Age of Electricity – with coal, gas, renewables and nuclear all jostling to provide the additional supply. Potential energy security vulnerabilities encompass oil, gas and electricity markets, as well as energy technology and critical mineral supply chains. The WEO-2025 will contain multiple scenarios that reflect the wide spectrum of possible outcomes that today's markets and policies imply. These will include exploratory scenarios that flow from different assumptions about existing policies, including the Current Policies Scenario, as well as normative pathways that achieve energy and emissions goals in full, including climate targets, improvements in air quality and universal access to modern energy. As ever, the WEO will provide unrivalled insights into the consequences of different energy policy and investment choices. World Energy Outlook 2025 The report explores a range of possible energy futures and considers their implications for energy security, emissions and economic development Read more World Energy Outlook 2025 Flagship report — 12 November 2025 6 - 21 Nov 2025 IEA at COP30 Conference — Belém, Brazil 13 Nov 2025 Oil Market Report – November 2025 Report launch 13 Nov 2025 09: 00—10: 00 Integrating Solar and Wind in Southeast Asia Webinar Webinar 18 Nov 2025 11: 00—12: 00 What Next for the Global Car Industry? Report launch 19 Nov 2025 09: 00—10: 30 Gas Market Outlook and LNG Decarbonisation in Southeast Asia Webinar Webinar 20 Nov 2025 Energy Efficiency 2025 Report launch 27 Nov 2025 IEA EGRD Workshop: Building resilient and robust clean energy supply chains Workshop — Petten, The Netherlands 1 Dec 2025 Southeast Asia Energy Efficiency Policy Training Week 2025 Training — Hanoi, Viet Nam Cite report Copy to clipboard Share this report Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Email Print Important message for WDS users The IEA has discontinued providing data in the Beyond 2020 format (IVT files and through WDS). Data is now available through the. Stat Data Explorer, which also allows users to export data in Excel and CSV formats. Read documentation Laura Cozzi, Director, Sustainability, Technology and Outlooks Tim Gould, Chief Energy Economist Commentary — 05 November 2025 Cite commentary IEA (2025), Scenarios in the World Energy Outlook 2025, IEA, Paris https: //www. iea. org/commentaries/scenarios-in-the-world-energy-outlook-2025, Licence: CC BY 4. 0 Copy to clipboard Share this commentary Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Email Print The new World Energy Outlook will be published on 12 November The World Energy Outlook has long been recognised as the gold standard of long-term energy modelling and this year’s edition will be published on 12 November. Since it was published as an annual report in 1998, the approach of the World Energy Outlook has never been to provide a single vision of the future but rather to view the world through different lenses or scenarios. All scenarios have the same starting point based on the latest data for energy supply and demand, markets, technology costs and policies, as well as the same assumptions for future population and economic growth. However, depending on the scenario, different assumptions on policies, end goals or the ability to overcome technological barriers can mean very different energy futures. This approach allows for a comparison of the effects and implications of different energy choices against a common backdrop. Every year, we carefully review the scenarios included in the WEO to make sure they remain as useful and relevant as possible to policymakers and other stakeholders. This year is no different, and the WEO-2025 will see some changes from the past several years in the suite of energy futures it considers. Multiple scenarios enable us to explore different aspects of energy security, affordability and sustainability None of the scenarios in the WEO are a forecast. A framework that includes multiple scenarios allows us to explore the consequences of different policy choices for the key policy priorities of energy security, affordability and sustainability. The WEO-2025 will include two exploratory scenarios: the Current Policies Scenario (CPS) and the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS). Neither of these scenarios target any particular outcome. They do not assume that aspirational objectives – such as those in the Paris Agreement – are met. The CPS was a regular feature of the International Energy Agency’s suite of scenarios until the WEO-2020, when it was discontinued amid turmoil in energy markets and rapid changes in the policy landscape during the Covid‑19 pandemic. Now that the world has passed through the pandemic and the global energy crisis, there is merit in revisiting the CPS. The WEO-2025 will also include two normative scenarios that map out ways to achieve specific outcomes: the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE) Scenario, and a new scenario called the Accelerating Clean Cooking and Electricity Services Scenario (ACCESS). The ACCESS scenario builds on the best examples of rapid historical progress to develop a country-by-country pathway to universal access to modern energy services. The WEO this year will not include the Announced Pledges Scenario (APS). The APS has been included in the WEO since 2021 and models a future for the energy system in which all national energy and climate targets – such as countries’ nationally determined contributions – are achieved in full and on time. The intention for WEO-2025 had been to assess the new round of NDCs that were due this year, generally covering the period 2031-35. However, many countries are yet to announce or update their targets, and an update to the APS would give only a partial picture of the implications for energy and emissions. These will be reflected in future analysis. In this commentary, we provide more information on the WEO-2025 ’s scenarios, while focusing on the differences between the two exploratory scenarios – the CPS and STEPS – as a way of providing some context for the upcoming WEO. Transparency on the underlying assumptions Understanding a scenario requires transparency on the underlying assumptions, in particular the rates of economic and population growth, the way that technology costs evolve, the assumptions on policies and other key variables. The assumptions included in each scenario and how these differ will, as always, be published on our website and in the WEO itself, alongside detailed information on the workings of the model that we use to generate the projections. The Current Policies Scenario: Anchored in enacted laws and measures Every country has a core set of laws and regulations that govern its energy sector. These laws typically cover, for example, the structure and functioning of the power sector; the way that companies can explore for fossil fuels and energy-related minerals and produce them; how energy prices and tariffs are set; and which taxes and subsidies are applied. In many cases, there is specific legislation that sets out how renewable energy enters the system – via feed-in tariffs, auctions or investment incentives – as well as how energy efficiency is treated – via building codes, appliance standards or industrial efficiency requirements. Legislation in other sectors – in transport and industrial policies, for example – can shape the evolution of the energy sector. Environmental legislation has strong implications for energy, including pollution controls, carbon markets and taxes. The CPS looks at the evolution of the energy sector based on a detailed reading of this existing legislation. The CPS might seem like a “business as usual” scenario, but this terminology can be misleading in an energy system where new technologies are already being deployed at scale, underpinned by robust economics and mature, existing policy frameworks. In these areas, “business as usual” would imply continuing the current process of change and, in some cases, accelerating it. In the CPS, however, potential constraints slow the uptake of these new technologies, whether due to insufficient infrastructure, grid integration costs, a lack of institutional capacity or financing, or the absence of continued policy support. It therefore tends to project slower adoption of new technologies than has been seen in recent years, or than is seen in the STEPS. The Stated Policies Scenario: A dynamic reading of today’s policy settings In addition to measures that are already in place, governments also signal their energy policy intentions before locking them in via legislation (at which point they are included in the CPS). Many governments produce strategy documents that indicate what initiatives they plan to take during their term in office. These may require new or amended legislation, which needs to work its way through parliament. They may involve other elements of rulemaking, to strengthen or weaken efficiency standards for various products, for example, or to introduce or withdraw support schemes for various energy technologies. These legislative, budget and regulatory processes all take time, but the intentions are clearly visible in advance of their formal adoption. Many countries – especially developing economies – also outline energy-related goals in broader multiyear development plans. These can be energy-specific (such as power sector development plans that include targets for the future generation mix) or anchored in broader economic or poverty reduction strategies. All these additional considerations feed into the STEPS. However, we do not assume that all policy intentions seamlessly become reality – their prospects are subject to an assessment of relevant market, infrastructure and financial constraints. We do not automatically assume that countries’ nationally determined contributions are achieved nor do we do so for more aspirational goals, such as those of the Paris Agreement. How existing policies are interpreted in the CPS and STEPS Policies are a critical differentiating factor between the CPS and STEPS, yet they are sometimes imprecise and can also be translated in different ways and lead to different outcomes. For example, many existing policies are time-bound or target specific years. In the CPS, these policies continue after their end-date but are assumed not to be strengthened. The STEPS assumes they continue and are strengthened in line with the previous am
