=== 2025-11-07 13:20:02 | https://iocl.com/pages/CommonCarrierProductPipelines | 11.91 KB ===

Home About Us Our Business Pipelines Common Carrier Pipelines Common Carrier Pipelines Common Carrier Product Pipelines Sl No Pipeline Name Service Pipeline Length (Km) Design Capacity (MMTPA) Compliance Requirement as per PNGRB Access Code Regulation Capacity Declaration (Schedule-I) Tariff & Operational Details 1 Chennai Trichy Madurai Pipeline (CTMPL) Multi-Product 683 3. 9 CTMPL Tariff & Operational Details 2 Paradip Raipur Ranchi Pipeline (PRRPL) Multi-Product 1073 5 PRRPL 3 Devanagonthi Devanahalli Pipeline (DDPL) ATF 36 0. 66 DDPL Common Carrier Natural Gas Pipelines Sl No Pipeline Name Service Pipeline Length (Km) Authorised Capacity (MMSCMD) Compliance Requirement as per PNGRB Access Code Regulation Capacity Declaration (Schedule-I) 1 Dadri Panipat Pipeline (DPPL) Natural Gas 143. 3 9. 5 DPPL 2 Ennore Tuticorin Bengaluru Pipeline (ETBPL) Natural Gas 1094 34. 67 ETBPL Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:02 | https://www.iocl.com | 13.05 KB ===

IndianOil | The Energy of India | Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndianOil - Energy of India -641 days 5 hours 16 min 11 sec IndianOil Welcomes You What's New Revised Petrol and Diesel Build-up Price Revised LPG Metro RSP Prices Revised ATF Metro Prices Performance of IndianOil for H1 2025-26 (Standalone) Engagement of Retainer Doctor at WRPL, Mundra Engagement of Retainer Doctor at WRPL Viramgam Expression of Interest for Selection of Bitumen Business Development Associates (BDA) under Delhi & Haryana State Office Engagement of Apprentices in Pipelines Division – 2025 (2) Engaging one chief security officer for pipelines in Eastern Region Pipelines (ERPL), West Bengal Recruitment of Assistant Quality Control Officers-2025 Recruitment of Diploma Engineers (Grade – E0) as Junior Engineers in Indian Oil Corporation Limited Through Computer Based Test (CBT) - 2025 Recruitment Of Engineers/Officers (Grade - A) in Indian Oil Corporation Limited through Computer Based Test (CBT) - 2025 'Terms & Conditions' of Servo Bike Dhamaka campaign Revised SKO Non PDS Prices Discover More Motorist Households Business Partners Careers Businesses Society Media Environment Investors Our Business Choose Business Here Refining Pipelines Research & Development Marketing Petrochemicals Natural Gas E&P Explosives Cryogenics Most Popular IndianOil's Green Agenda Heath, Safety & Environment: The three pillars to ensure safe communities and happy stakeholders. HS&E Overview Indian Oil Corporation is committed to conduct business with strong environment. Green Fuel Alternatives In recent times, there has been a marked shift from use of conventional fossil fuels. IndianOil Overseas Lanka IOC PLC IndianOil's subsidiary in Sri Lanka is ranked no. 1 among the island nation's leading companies IndianOil (Mauritius) IndianOil (Mauritius) Ltd. (IOML) is the third largest petroleum company in Mauritius IOC Middle East FZE IOC Middle East FZE is IndianOil's subsidiary, overseeing business expansion in the Middle East, Africa and CIS countries × View More Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/pages/digboi-refinery | 12.98 KB ===

Digboi Refinery | IndianOil Corporation Home Our Business Refining Digboi Refinery Digboi Refinery The small town of Digboi in the remote northeastern corner of the country is the birthplace of the Oil Industry in India. Commissioned in 1901, the refinery is one of the oldest operating refineries in the world and known as the "Gangotri of the Indian Hydrocarbon sector. " Earlier owned and operated by the Assam Oil Company Limited under/Burmah Oil Company, it came into the fold of the Indian Oil Corporation Limited on October 14, 1981 and became Assam Oil Division of Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The initial refining capacity of the refinery was 500 bbls/day, which was increased to 0. 5 MMTPA in 1940. After nationalization, a massive modernization program was executed, and the capacity of the refinery was augmented to 0. 65 MMTPA in 1996. Several new units have been commissioned which include a Crude Distillation Unit, a Delayed Coking Unit, a Catalytic Reforming Unit, a Solvent De-waxing Unit, and a Wax Hydro finishing Unit. The refinery also installed a Hydrotreater Unit in 2003 to improve the quality of diesel. MS quality upgradation project was installed in the year 2010. Digboi refinery processes High Wax Content Crude and produces Paraffin Wax in addition to distillates and other heavy ends. The paraffin wax produced by the refinery is of the finest quality in the world. Digboi refinery is situated in the midst of pristine biodiversity. The refinery was the first amongst IOCL refineries to become BS-VI compliant. Upcoming projects: Refinery expansion project to 1. 0 MMTPA has been approved with target for commissioning by March 2026. Major Products of the Refinery: Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG), Motor spirit (MS), High Speed Diesel (HSD), Furnace Oil (FO), Low Sulphur Heavy Stock (LSHS), Low Viscosity Furnace Oil (LVFO), Raw petroleum coke (RPC), Sulphur. Specialty Products – Paraffin Wax Mode of Product Dispatch: Pipeline Tanker trucks Rail Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/bongaigaon-refinery | 13.01 KB ===

IndianOil Corporation | Bongaigaon Refinery Home Our Business Bongaigaon Refinery Bongaigaon Refinery Bongaigaon Refinery Bongaigaon Refinery & Petrochemicals Limited (BRPL) was incorporated in 1974 as a Government Company. Situated amidst spectacular green surroundings in the Chirang district of Assam, it is about 200 km west of the state capital Guwahati. Amalgamation of Bongaigaon Refinery & Petrochemicals Limited (BRPL) with Indian Oil Corporation happened in 2009 and the refinery today is part of Indian Oil Corporation and is known as Bongaigaon Refinery. The first CDU with a capacity of 1. 0 MMTPA was commissioned in 1979. The configuration of the refinery expanded with the addition of a DCU in 1981 and a CRU in 1985. The refinery capacity was de-bottlenecked to 1. 35 MMTPA in 1986. Moreover, during 1995-96, the Refinery Expansion Project was commissioned with the addition of a CDU and a DCU, and with this, the overall capacity was increased to 2. 35 MMTPA. Subsequently to meet environmental norms as mandated by Auto Fuel Policy, MSQU Unit, DHDT/HGU, and SRU were added in 2010, 2011, and 2012 respectively. To meet the BS-VI specifications some more process units were added during 2020-22 under the ‘BS-VI Projects’ comprising a new Naphtha Hydrotreater, a new SRU, new ARU, Prime-G+ and revamp projects of DHDT and HGU. INDMAX project was commissioned in 2020 along with an increase in crude processing from 2. 35 to 2. 7 MMTPA. Refinery Expansion Plans: Refinery capacity expansion to 5 MMTPA is under conceptualization. Major products: Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG), High Speed Diesel(HSD), Motor spirit(MS), Ethanol Blended Motor Spirit (EBMS), Superior Kerosene Oil(SKO), Aviation turbine fuel(ATF), Light Diesel Oil(LDO), Sulphur, Raw Pet Coke(RPC), Carbon Black Feed Stock(CBFS) Mode of Product Dispatch Guwahati - Siliguri Pipeline (GSPL) for MS, SKO, HSD. Railway Wagon (Single spur rake loading gantry for SK, MS, HSD, Naphtha, LDO, RPC). Tanker Trucks loading for MS, SKO, HSD Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/Pages/pipelines-overview | 12.33 KB ===

Pipelines: Oil and Gas Pipeline: Gas and Oil Energy Home About Us Our Business Pipelines Overview Pipelines IndianOil operates a network over 20, 000 km long crude oil, petroleum product and gas pipelines with an installed throughput capacity of around 130 million metric tonnes per annum of oil and around 49 million metric standard cubic meters per day of gas. Cross-country pipelines are globally recognized as the safest, cost-effective, energy-efficient, and environment-friendly mode for transportation of crude oil and petroleum products. As one of the pioneers in hydrocarbon pipelines in the country, IndianOil achieved a throughput of 96. 9 million metric tonnes for liquid pipelines and 4668 million metric standard cubic meters for gas pipelines during 2024-25. During the year 2024-25, IndianOil added 261 km of pipeline length, as part of its plans to continuously expand its network in line with growth in business. The recent additions to the pipeline network are Paradip-Hyderabad product Pipeline, Bhubaneshwar ATF, to name a few. IndianOil has vast project management experience & skills in the field of hydrocarbon pipeline construction from concept to commissioning. The pool of experienced manpower helps in executing all its pipeline projects in-house. We also offer EPMC services to other entities. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/gujarat-refinery | 16.68 KB ===

Gujarat Refinery` | Petroleum Refinery | IndianOil Home Our Business Gujarat Refinery Gujarat Refinery Gujarat Refinery Gujarat Refinery is situated at Jawahar Nagar, nearly 10 km North of Vadodara. It is the anchoring industry of Vadodara, catering to the increasing energy demand due to the fast-paced development and economic prosperity of the vibrant state of Gujarat over the course of five decades. Gujarat Refinery was set up as a 2 MMTPA refinery. The first crude distillation unit, Atmospheric Unit-I (AU-I) of 1. 0 MMTPA was commissioned in 1965. Today it is a 13. 7 MMTPA integrated refinery-cum-petrochemical complex. The second crude distillation unit and Catalytic Reforming Unit were installed in 1966, and the third 1. 0 MMTPA crude distillation unit (AU-3) was commissioned in 1967 to process Ankleshwar & North Gujarat crudes. In December 1968, Udex plant was commissioned for the production of benzene & toluene using feedstock available from CRU. By 1974-75, with in-house modifications, the capacity of the refinery was further increased to a level of 4. 2 MMTPA. To process imported crude, the refinery was expanded during 1978-79 by adding another 3 MMTPA crude distillation unit (AU-4) along with downstream processing units like Vacuum Distillation, Visbreaker & Bitumen Blowing Unit. For recovery of high-value products from the residue, the secondary processing facilities consisting of a Fluidized Catalytic Cracking Unit (FCCU) were commissioned in 1982 and the crude processing capacity of the refinery was further increased to 9. 5 MMTPA. In 1993-94, Gujarat Refinery commissioned the country’s first Hydrocracker Unit for conversion of heavier ends of crude oil to high-value superior products. The country’s first Diesel Hydrodesulphurization Unit (DHDS) to reduce Sulphur content in diesel was commissioned in 1999. MTBE Unit was commissioned in 1999 to eliminate lead in MS. By 1999, with the commissioning of the 5th crude distillation unit (AU–5), Gujarat Refinery further augmented its capacity to 13. 7 MMTPA. In 2004, the world’s largest single-train Linear Alkyl Benzene Plant with an annual capacity of 1, 20, 000 tonnes was set up marking IOCL’s big-ticket entry into Petrochemicals. Further, the following units were added to meet the fuel specifications: To produce BS-IV/BS VI compliant fuel, a revamp of Diesel Hydrodesulphurization (DHDS) / Hydrotreating (DHDT) unit and VGO Hydrotreating (VGO-HDT) was executed. The project was executed in two phases and completed in 2019. To meet the Auto Fuel Vision & Policy of GoI a Fuel Quality Upgradation Project was taken up under which a New Diesel Hydrotreating Unit of 2. 0 MMTPA, Prime G Unit of 0. 7 MMTPA, Hydrogen Unit, and Amine Regeneration Unit was commissioned in 2021. In 2022, expanding its wing in Petrochemical sector Gujarat Refinery’s Linear Alkyl Benzene Plant capacity was augmented from 120 KTPA to 162 KTPA. A step towards realising the Prime Minister's vision of Aatmanirbhar Bharat, Gujarat Refinery equipped the facility for the production and dispatch of Avgas 100 LL, the first of its kind in India in September 2022. The successful production of Avgas 100 LL at Gujarat Refinery has not only ensured the indigenous availability of this product but has also opened up avenues for its profitable export opportunities for the company. A new product tank terminal has been commissioned at Dumad area which is approx. 16 km from IOCL Gujarat Refinery in Feb 2022 for dispatch of HSD, MS, ATF through new multi-product pipeline KAhSPL (Koyali Ahmednagar Solapur Pipeline). The Gujarat Refinery Oxo Alcohol project with a Butyl Acrylate production capacity of 150 KTPA has been commissioned. The Project will address the demand for value-added Butyl Acrylate (BA), a key ingredient for paints, coatings, adhesives, textiles chemicals, etc. thereby reducing import dependence on BA and generating foreign exchange savings. Upcoming Projects: Gujarat Refinery expansion (LUPECH) from 13. 7 to 18. 0 MMTPA along with integration with LOBS and Petrochemicals is in progress and proposed to be commissioned in FY 2025-26. The Gujarat Refinery Oxo Alcohol project is under progress with a Butyl Acrylate production capacity of 150 KTPA and it is expected to be commissioned soon The Project is intended to address the demand for value-added Butyl Acrylate (BA), a key ingredient for paints, coatings, adhesives, textiles chemicals, etc. thereby reducing import dependence on BA and generating foreign exchange savings. New BA plant, Acrylic Acid unit, and associated facilities are planned in Dumad area. Major products: Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG), Naphtha, Motor Spirit (MS), Ethanol Blended Motor Spirit (EBMS), High Speed Diesel (HSD), Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF), Light Diesel Oil (LDO), Sulphur, Superior Kerosene (SKO), Bitumen, Raw Petroleum Coke (RPC), Pre-fractionator Re-run Column Bottom, High Viscosity Fuel Oil (HVFO). Specialty Products: Polymer Grade Hexane (PGH), Methyl Tert Butyl Ether (MTBE), Linear Alkyl Benzene (LAB), Heavy Alkyl Benzene (HAB), MARPOL Fuel Oil, High Flash High Speed Diesel (HFHSD), Aviation Gasoline (AVGAS (100LL), Storm (Premium Race fuel), Butyl Acrylate, Iso Butyl Alcohol. Additional Products after expansion and commissioning of upcoming project: Polypropylene, Lube Oil Base Stocks of different grades Mode of Product Dispatch: Product pipeline: Koyali Jaipur Panipat Pipeline (KJPPL), Koyali Ratlam Pipeline (KRPL), Koyali Dahej Pipeline (KDPL), Koyali Ahmedabad Pipeline (KAPL), Koyali Ahmednagar Solapur Pipeline (KAhSPL) for MS, HSD, Naphtha, ATF. Tanker trucks for XP100 MS, PGH, PFRCB, HAB, Sulphur, Petcoke, Bitumen. Tank Wagon loading for MS, HSD, Naphtha, ATF, LDO, MARPOL FO, GNFC HVFO, Petcoke. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/pages/refining-overview | 13.57 KB ===

Refining | IndianOil Refining Home About Us Our Business Refining Overview Refining Born from the vision of achieving self-reliance in oil refining and marketing for the nation, IndianOil has gathered a luminous legacy of more than 100 years of accumulated experiences in all areas of petroleum refining by taking into its fold, the Digboi Refinery commissioned in 1901. The refining capacity is 70. 25 million metric tonnes per annum (MMTPA) (the largest share among refining companies in India), with an approval to further enhance it to 87. 9 MMTPA. Currently IndianOil Group accounts for approximately 31% share of the national refining capacity. The strength of IndianOil springs from its experience of operating the largest number of refineries in India and adapting to a variety of refining processes along the way. The basket of technologies, currently in operation in IndianOil refineries include Atmospheric/Vacuum Distillation; Distillate FCC/Resid FCC; Hydrocracking; Catalytic Reforming, Hydrogen Generation; Delayed Coking; Lube Processing Units; Visbreaking; Merox Treatment; Hydro-Desulphirisation of Kerosene Gasoil streams; Sulphur recovery; Dewaxing, Wax Hydro finishing; Coke Calcining, etc. The Corporation has commissioned several grassroots refineries and modern process units. Procedures for the commissioning and start-up of individual units and the refinery have been well laid out and enshrined in various customised operating manuals, which are continually updated. IndianOil refineries have an ambitious growth plan for capacity augmentation, de-bottlenecking, bottom upgradation and quality upgradation. On the environmental front, all IndianOil refineries fully comply with the statutory requirements. Several Clean Development Mechanism projects have also been initiated. To address concerns about safety at the workplace, a number of steps such as mandatory use of Inherently Fire Retardant Suits (IFR) in Battery area, portable CCTV cameras for monitoring critical jobs, installation of AI enabled CCTV camera, deployment of Smart Helmet, animated video SOPs, deployment of mobile safety training van “SURAKSHA RATH”, etc are being followed. INDIANOIL REFINING - INSTALLED CAPACITY REFINERIES MMTPA Digboi Refinery 0. 65 Guwahati Refinery 1. 20 Barauni Refinery 6. 00 Gujarat Refinery 13. 70 Haldia Refinery 8. 00 Bongaigaon Refinery 2. 70 Mathura Refinery 8. 00 Panipat Refinery and Petrochemical Complex 15. 00 Paradip Refinery 15. 00 Total 70. 25 CPCL, Chennai 10. 50 Group Total (including CPCL) 80. 75 NATIONAL REF. CAPACITY 258. 1 SHARE % 31. 29% Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/pages/panipat-refinery | 15.98 KB ===

Panipat Refinery | Petroleum Refinery | IndianOil Home Our Business Refining Panipat Refinery & Petrochemical Complex Panipat Refinery & Petrochemical Complex Panipat Refinery is technically one of the most advanced public sector refinery complexes of India. Commissioned in July, 1998, it is situated in the historic district of Panipat in the State of Haryana. Panipat Complex, is the largest integrated Refinery and Petrochemical hub in India and third largest in South East Asia. The Complex comprises of Refinery, Aromatics Complex of PX/PTA, Olefinic complex of Naphtha Cracker. The initial installed capacity of the refinery was 6. 0 MMTPA. With a view to meet the growing deficit of petroleum products, the capacity was expanded to 12 MMTPA in 2006 and again augmented to 15 MMTPA in 2010. Major secondary units includes Hydrocracking unit, Delayed Coking Unit, Diesel Hydrotreating Unit, Hydrogen Generation Unit, Sulphur Block and the associated auxiliary facilities. Panipat Refinery Additional Expansion Project (PRAEP) was a low-cost option through maximum utilization / revamp of existing units / facilities for increasing the refining capacity from 12 MMTPA to 15 MMTPA which included capacity revamp of OHCU, DCU and ARU units as well. Indian Oil emerged as a leading petrochemicals player in the country with commissioning of the country’s largest Purified Terephthalic Acid (PTA) plant. The PTA Unit at Panipat Refinery with state-of-the-art technology was commissioned in mid-2006. The combined PX-PTA project was set up to produce 360 TMT of Paraxylene per annum and 553 TMT of PTA per annum utilizing Naphtha from Mathura and Panipat Refinery. Paraxylene is an intermediate product used to manufacture Polyester Staple Fibre (PSF), Polyester Filament Yarn (PFY) and other resins. A revamp has been carried out in 2023 to enhance PX production to 460 TMTPA & PTA production to 700 TMTPA. The refinery is an epitome of effective stream sharing with Cracker and Aromatic complex where symbiotic sharing of streams like Naphtha, Propylene, C7-C8, C4, and Hydrogen leads to the economic benefit of the whole complex. The following units have also been added to Panipat Refinery: Panipat Refinery is IndianOil’s first Refinery to switch over from BS-II/BS-III fuels to more Eco-Friendly BS III / IV fuels. To meet environmental standards to produce BS III / IV quality MS, the MSQ project consisting of PENEX (Isomerization), Naphtha Hydrotreater Unit, FCC Gasoline Desulphurisation etc was completed in December 2009. Panipat Refinery BS VI: Although Panipat refinery was already supplying BS VI fuels to National Capital Territory from April, 18, additional projects have also been executed like revamp of Prime-G unit in December 2019 and new DHDT/ HGU in October, 2020. Commissioning of DEF plant in November, 2021, 3G ethanol plant in March, 2023 & 2G ethanol plant were carried out in April, 2023. To diversify the IOCL petrochemical business, Panipat Naphtha Cracker (PNC) was commissioned in integration with Refinery. The unit was commissioned in March 2010 with a design capacity of 847 KTA of gross Ethylene production. The main products of PNC are PP, PE, MEG, Benzene & Butadiene. Butadiene & Butene-1 units were commissioned in October 2013 & April 2014 respectively. To cater to the increasing demand for MEG & polymer, a revamp of NCU has been done from 857 KTA of Ethylene production to 947 KTA. Along with NCU, revamping of BEU (Benzene Extraction Unit) & MEG units has been carried out. ERU (Ethylene Recovery Unit) was commissioned in November 2023 to recover C2 & C3 from refinery off-gas. Catalyst Manufacturing Unit (CMU) based on technology developed by IndianOil’s R&D Centre has been successfully commissioned in January 2024. Commissioning of CMU by IndianOil is a step forward towards self-reliance in the technology-intensive domain of refinery catalyst and bolsters our “Atmanirbhar Bharat” momentum. Upcoming projects: Panipat refinery expansion to 25 MMTPA is under execution Upcoming projects in PNC: PP-3, PBR, MAH, Styrene, NCU Phase-2, HDPE-2, SAF (Sustainable Aviation fuel), Green Hydrogen. Major products: Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG), Benzene, Motor spirit (MS), Ethanol Blended Motor Spirit (EBMS), High Speed Diesel (HSD, (All weather grade (AWG)), Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF), Superior Kerosene Oil (SKO), Light Diesel Oil (LDO), Low Sulphur Heavy Stock (LSHS), Propylene, Para-Xylene (PX), Purified Terephthalic Acid (PTA), Naphtha, Petcoke, Sulphur, FO, Bitumen etc. Major products of PNC: Polypropylene (PP), High Density Polyethylene (HDPE), Linear Low Density Polyethylene (LLDPE), Mono Ethylene Glycol (MEG), Di Ethylene Glycol (DEG), Tri Ethylene Glycol (TEG), Benzene, Butadiene, Pyrolyzed Fuel Oil (PFO) etc. Mode of Products Dispatch Pipeline: Panipat Bhatinda Pipeline (PBPL), Panipat Rewari Pipeline (PRPL), Panipat Delhi Pipeline (PDPL), Panipat Ambala Jalandhar Pipeline (PAJPL), Panipat Bijwasan ATF line (PBAPL), Panipat-Jalandhar LPG Pipeline (PJPL). Tanker trucks Rail Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/pages/guwahati-refinery | 13.64 KB ===

IndianOil Corporation | Guwahati Refinery Home Our Business Refining Guwahati Refinery Guwahati Refinery Guwahati Refinery located among the picturesque surroundings near Brahmaputra River in Guwahati city in North Eastern part of India. It is the country’s 1st Public Sector Refinery as well as IndianOil’s, serving the nation since 1962. Built with Romanian technology available in the late 50s, the initial crude processing capacity of the Refinery was 0. 75 Million Metric Tonnes Per Annum (MMTPA). The Refinery was initially designed to process low sulphur Assam crude in CDU along with secondary processing units, Delayed Coker Unit (DCU) of 0. 33 MMTPA capacity and Kerosene Treating Unit (KTU) of 0. 23 MMTPA capacity. Subsequently capacity of the refinery was enhanced to 1. 0 MMTPA in 1986. DCU capacity was enhanced to 0. 44 MMTPA in 2000. Further, the Refinery expanded its capacity from 1. 0 MMTPA to 1. 2 MMTPA in 2023 to further boost the development of energy sector in the region. INDMAX Unit, a technology developed by IndianOil R&D Centre for upgrading heavy ends to LPG, gasoline and diesel was commissioned in June 2003. The following units were added to meet the fuel specifications. To produce Euro-III quality MS Isomerisation Unit, Naphtha Hydrotreater Unit TMTPA, Naphtha Splitter Unit, and Indmax Gasoline Unit were commissioned in 2010. INDAdept-G Unit (IOC - R&D Technology based on Adsorption) was commissioned in 2017 for treatment of Heavy Gasoline from Indmax to comply to BS-IV MS norms To produce BS-VI/Euro-VI quality MS/HSD a New indSelectG unit (IOC - R&D Technology) was commissioned in 2022 along with revamp of existing HDT unit, Hydrogen unit and Isomerization Unit. Upcoming Projects: A New Semi regenerative CRU unit of capacity of 90 kilo tonnes per annum has been approved and is expected to be completed in 2025. The commissioning of new 90 KTPA Semi-Regenerative CRU will remove the dependency of the Refinery for importing reformate from other IOCL refineries for production of MS. Major products: Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG), Motor Spirit (MS), Ethanol Blended Motor Spirit (EBMS 20), High Speed Diesel (HSD), Sulphur, Pipeline Compatible Kerosene (PCK), Reformer Naphtha (RN), Superior Kerosene (SKO), Low Sulphur Low Aromatics (LSLA), DEF and Raw Petroleum Coke (RPC). Mode of Product Dispatch 1). Pipeline: Guwahati Siliguri Pipeline (GSPL) for Motor Spirit (MS), Ethanol Blended Motor Spirit (EBMS 20), Superior Kerosene Oil (SKO), Low Sulphur Low Aromatics (LSLA) and High Speed Diesel (HSD). 2). Tanker trucks Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG), Reformer Naphtha (RN), Sulphur, Raw Petroleum Coke (RPC). Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/barauni-refinery | 14.49 KB ===

IndianOil Corporation | Barauni Refinery Home Our Business Barauni Refinery Barauni Refinery Barauni Refinery Barauni Refinery was dedicated to the nation in 1965. Established in 1964, it is on the Northern banks of the holy Ganges, at Barauni, on the periphery of the district town Begusarai, Bihar. Situated 125 km from Patna, it is also the point where two important railways meet – the Eastern Railways and North Eastern Railways. It was built in collaboration with the Soviet Union with limited participation from Romania, at a cost of ~Rs 49. 4 Crore, and went on stream in 1964. The Refinery has gone a long way over the years, starting from a crude processing capacity of 1. 0 MMTPA (AVU-I) of sweet crude from Assam oil fields. It has steadily expanded its capacity to 3. 0 MMTPA with AVU-II and AU-III. Further, with the revamp of AVU-I & II in 1985 & 1998-99 followed by AU-III revamp in 2000, crude processing capability was increased to the current level of 6. 0 MMTPA. In 2002, the processing of high sulphur crudes through Barauni Expansion Project (BXP) was implemented. Residue Fluidized Catalytic Cracker Unit (RFCCU), Diesel Hydro Treating Unit (DHDT), Sulphur Recovery Unit (SRU), Amine Re-generation Unit (ARU), and Hydrogen Generation Unit (HGU) are some of the major units. Further following units were added to meet the fuel specifications. Catalytic Reforming Unit (CRU) was set up in 1997 to produce unleaded gasoline. Diesel Hydro-treater Unit (DHDT) was put up in 2002 for supplying BS-II grade diesel. The third reactor was commissioned in May 2009 to meet BS-III diesel specifications. Also, FCC Gasoline Desulphurisation (FCC GDS), Isomerisation Unit, Naphtha Hydrotreater, Hydrogen unit were commissioned in 2010 along with revamp of existing units to meet BS-III MS specifications. To produce BS-IV and BS VI compliant MS and HSD, Diesel Hydrotreating Unit (DHDT) revamp, a new FCC Gasoline De-Sulphuration Unit (FCCGDS) and Continuous Catalytic Reforming Unit (CCRU) were implemented. The Project was executed in two phases. Phase-I was completed in August 2017 to meet BS-IV quality while Phase-II was commissioned to meet BS-VI quality. The ATF producing indJet unit was commissioned in 2022 under “Make in India Initiative” developed by IOCL R&D. Upcoming Projects: Barauni Refinery expansion from 6 to 9 MMTPA is currently under implementation. It includes the expansion of distillation capacity, secondary units along with petrochemical units. Major products: Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG), Naphtha, Motor Spirit(MS), Ethanol Blended Motor Spirit (EBMS), Superior Kerosene Oil (SKO), Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF), High-Speed Diesel (HSD), Furnace Oil (FO), Low Sulphur Heavy Stock (LSHS), Raw Petroleum Coke (RPC), Bitumen, Sulphur and Carbon Black Feed Stock (CBFS). Mode of Product Dispatch and Crude Receipt: Pipeline- Barauni-Kanpur Product Pipeline(BKPL) and Tops of BKPL at Patna connected with Patna-Baitalpur pipeline(Domestic)and Patna-Motihari – Amlekhganj (Nepal) Transnational product pipeline for MS &HSD. Haldia Barauni Pipeline(HBPL) for receipt of MS, HSD & ATF Paradip Haldia Barauni Motihari Pipeline (PHBMPL) for LPG Paradip Haldia Barauni Pipeline (PHBPL) for receipt of Crude oil Tanker trucks Loading facilities available for LPG, RPC & Sulphur and Unloading facilities for Ethanol. Tank Wagons Loading facilities available for Naphtha, MS, EBMS, Reformate, HSD, SKO, LSHS, FO, DHDT Feed & CBFS and Unloading facilities for Naphtha, MS, HSD, Reformate &DHDT Feed. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/mathura-refinery | 14.20 KB ===

Mathura Refinery | Petroleum Refinery | IndianOil Home Our Business Mathura Refinery Mathura Refinery Mathura Refinery Mathura Refinery, was commissioned in 1982 with a capacity of 6. 0 MMTPA to meet the demand of petroleum products in north western region of the country, which includes National Capital Region. Refinery is located along the Delhi-Agra National Highway about 154 KM away from Delhi. The major secondary processing units initially were Fluidised Catalytic Cracking Unit (FCCU), Vis-breaker Unit (VBU) and Bitumen Blowing Unit (BBU). The original technology for these units was sourced from erstwhile USSR, UOP etc. Soaker drum technology of EIL was implemented in VBU in the year 1993. Refinery was revamped to the capacity of 7. 5 MMTPA in 1989. For production of unleaded Gasoline, Continuous Catalytic Reforming Unit (CCRU) was commissioned in 1998 with technology from IFP, France. A Diesel Hydro Desulphurisation Unit (DHDS) was commissioned in 1999 for production of HSD with low Sulphur content of 0. 25% wt (max). Subsequently, Once Through Hydrocracker Unit (OHCU) with a capacity 1. 2 MMTPA was commissioned in 2000 and with this the capacity of Mathura Refinery was increased to 8. 0 MMTPA. FCCU Revamp was undertaken in 2014 to increase the processing capacity of the unit from 1. 3 to 1. 5 MMTPA. Its close proximity to the magnificent wonder Taj Mahal adds to extra responsibility towards a cleaner environment. For upgrading environmental standards, old Sulphur Recovery Units (SRU) were replaced with new Sulphur Recovery Units with 99. 9 % recovery in the year 1999. Additional Sulphur Recovery Unit (4th SRU) was implemented as a hot standby and was commissioned by 2011. Refinery had also set up four nos. of continuous Ambient Air Monitoring Stations far beyond the working area before commissioning in 1982 as a mark of its concern towards the community and archaeological sites. At Mathura Refinery, technology and ecology go hand in hand with continuous endeavour for Product Quality up-gradation, Energy Conservation and Environment Protection. Following units were added to meet the fuel specifications. Diesel Hydro-treating unit (DHDT) & MS Quality Up-gradation Unit (MSQU) were installed with world class technology in 2005 for production of Euro-III grade HSD & MS as per Auto Fuel Policy of Govt. of India. Project for FCC Gasoline Desulphurization (FCCGDS) and Selective Hydrogenation Unit (SHU) was commissioned in 2010 and supply of Euro-IV grade MS and HSD started on continuous basis from February 2010. Mathura refinery was one of the 1st refinery in the country to produce BS VI grade fuels, and has been supplying National Capital Territory, New Delhi with BS VI fuels since 1 st April, 2018. Major products: Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG), Motor Spirit (MS), Ethanol Blended Motor Spirit (EBMS), Superior Kerosene Oil (SKO), High Speed Diesel (HSD), Naphtha, propylene for PP production, Low Sulphur Heavy Stock (LSHS), Furnace Oil (FO), Bitumen, Sulphur. Mode of Product Dispatch: Product pipeline: Mathura Delhi Pipeline (MDPL), Mathura Agra Gawria Pipeline (MAGPL), Mathura Bharatpur Pipeline (MBPL) Tank Wagon for MS, HSD, Naphtha, FO. Tanker trucks for LPG, MS, HSD and ATF. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:15 | https://iocl.com/petroleum-product-pipelines | 19.71 KB ===

Petroleum Product Pipelines | IndianOil Home Our Business Petroleum Product Pipelines Petroleum Product Pipelines Petroleum Product Pipelines Guwahati-Siliguri Product Pipeline (GSPL) Guwahati-Siliguri Pipeline with an installed capacity of 1. 4 MMTPA was commissioned in the year 1964. Designed by Bechtel, USA and constructed by Snam Progetti, Italy, it has the unique distinction of being one of the first product pipeline to be built east of Suez. The 435-km long pipeline originates at Guwahati Refinery and passes through Bongaigaon refinery, transports petroleum products for delivery at Betkuchi and Siliguri. Koyali - Ahmedabad Pipeline (KAPL) The 79-km long Koyali-Ahmedabad Pipeline with an installed capacity of 1. 1 MMTPA was commissioned in 1966. Designed and constructed by Snam Saipem, Italy, the pipeline carries a variety of petroleum products from IndianOil's Koyali Refinery to the Navagam terminal (Ahmedabad) within the state of Gujarat. Haldia-Barauni Pipeline (HBPL) Commissioned in 1967, the 526 km long Haldia-Barauni Pipeline originates at Haldia in West Bengal and terminates at Barauni in Bihar delivering product at Jasidih in Jharkhand on the way. This pipeline exemplifies IndianOil's expertise in system modification and pipeline hydraulic engineering. Commissioned initially as a petroleum product pipeline, the pipeline was later used to transport imported crude oil to Barauni Refinery. After some years, the pipeline started pumping petroleum products from Barauni Refinery back to Haldia. Once Haldia Refinery came into being, flow direction was again reversed and at present, the pipeline is used for transportation of petroleum products from Haldia Refinery. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 1. 25 MMTPA. Haldia-Mourigram-Rajbandh Pipeline (HMRPL) The 277-km long Haldia-Mourigram-Rajbandh Pipeline was built in 1972 to transport petroleum products from IndianOil's Haldia Refinery to Mourigram (Howrah) and Rajbandh (Burdwan) in West Bengal. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 1. 35 MMTPA. Barauni-Kanpur Pipeline (BKPL) Originally commissioned in 1966, BKPL has undergone several modifications to deliver more products at newer locations in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Nepal. Presently 1227 km long, the pipeline system with an installed capacity of 5. 5 MMTPA forms an integrated network with other pipelines in east and north India. Motihari-Amlekhgunj pipeline, the first trans-national pipeline of the country is part of the same pipeline. This pipeline delivers products to Patna, Mughalsarai, Prayagraj, Kanpur, Lucknow, Baitalpur, Motihari & Amlekhgunj (Nepal). Mathura-Delhi Pipeline (MDPL) The Mathura-Delhi Pipeline was earlier a section of the Mathura-Jalandhar Pipeline commissioned in 1984. It was the first pipeline designed by IndianOil with in-house construction supervision. The 147-km long pipeline transports petroleum products from Mathura Refinery to Bijwasan in Delhi. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 3. 7 MMTPA. Panipat-Ambala-Jalandhar Pipeline (PAJPL) The pipeline part of erstwhile Mathura-Jalandhar Pipeline was connected to Panipat Refinery in 1997, enabling transport of petroleum products from Panipat Refinery. The 495-km long pipeline has an installed capacity of 3. 5 MMTPA. Panipat-Delhi Pipeline (PDPL) Petroleum products from Panipat refinery are transported through this pipeline, which was earlier a section of Mathura-Jalandhar Pipeline. The pipeline is 189 Km long and has a branch line to Meerut. This is a bi-directional pipeline with a facility to pumps products from Mathura Refinery as well as Panipat Refinery towards Tikrikalan (Delhi), Meerut and Panipat. Installed capacity of the pipeline is 3. 0 MMTPA. Mathura-Agra-Gawria Pipeline (MAGPL) A 311-km long pipeline transporting products from Mathura Refinery to Agra Terminal was commissioned in 2003, which was further extended to Gawria for delivering products to Lucknow, Kanpur and Allahabad terminals. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 4. 0 MMTPA. Panipat-Bhatinda Pipeline (PBPL) Panipat-Bhatinda Pipeline was part of erstwhile Kandla-Bathinda Pipeline commissioned in 1996. Petroleum products from Panipat refinery are transported through this 219-km long pipeline to Sangrur and Bhatinda. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 3. 0 MMTPA. Panipat-Rewari Pipeline (PRPL) This 155-km long pipeline, commissioned in 2004, transports products from Panipat Refinery to Rewari Terminal. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 2. 1 MMTPA. Panipat-Jalandhar LPG Pipeline (PJPL) The 274-km long pipeline from Karnal (Panipat), traverses through Nabha and terminates at Jalandhar. IndianOil's first LPG Pipeline, it was commissioned in 2008. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 0. 7 MMTPA. Koyali- Jaipur-Panipat Pipeline (KJPPL) The 1664 km long Koyali- Jaipur-Panipat Pipeline Pipeline delivers Koyali refinery products to Ahmedabad, Sidhpur and Kandla in Gujarat and Jodhpur, Chittorgarh as well as Jaipur in Rajasthan. It has a facility for injection of products as coastal input at Kandla. In association with another pipeline, KJPPL is also used to transport Naphtha from Koyali Refinery to Panipat to meet the demand of Panipat Naphtha Cracker in Haryana. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 5. 0 MMTPA. Koyali-Dahej Product Pipeline (KDPL) The 197-km long product pipeline from Koyali Refinery to Dahej terminal of Gujarat Chemical Port Terminal Company Limited (GCPTCL) was commissioned in 2007. It has a branch line to Hazira (Surat). This pipeline has an installed capacity of 2. 6 MMTPA. Chennai-Trichy-Madurai Product Pipeline (CTMPL) Chennai-Trichy-Madurai Product Pipeline, a common-carrier pipeline authorized by PNGRB, is 683 km long with an installed capacity of 3. 9 MMTPA. Commissioned in the year 2005, this pipeline has undergone subsequent augmentation. The pipeline transports products from Manali refinery of Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited (CPCL), a subsidiary of IndianOil to Trichy, Madurai, Asanur and Salem. Koyali-Ratlam Product Pipeline (KRPL) The 265-km long product pipeline with an installed capacity of 2. 0 MMTPA from Koyali Refinery to Ratlam Marketing Terminal was commissioned in 2009. Chennai-Bangalore Pipeline (CBPL) The 290-km long petroleum product pipeline with an installed capacity of 2. 45 MMTPA from Chennai to Bengaluru was commissioned in 2010 to position petroleum products from CPCL, Manali Refinery in Chittoor and Bengaluru. Mathura-Bharatpur Pipeline (MBPL) The 21-km long product pipeline from Mathura refinery to Bharatpur was commissioned in 2010. It has an installed capacity of 1. 2 MMTPA. Paradip-Raipur-Ranchi Pipeline (PRRPL) The 1073-km long PNGRB authorized common-carrier Pipeline was commissioned during 2016-17 to deliver products from Paradip refinery to Jatni (Bhubaneswar), Jharsuguda, Raipur, Korba and Ranchi. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 5. 0 MMTPA. Paradip-Haldia-Barauni-Motihari LPG Pipeline (PHBMPL) The 1710 km long Paradip-Haldia- Barauni-Motihari LPG Pipeline is IndianOil's second LPG pipeline. It transports LPG from IndianOil refineries at Paradip, Haldia & Barauni and import terminals at Paradip & Haldia to bottling plants at Balasore, Kalyani, Budge Budge, Durgapur, Banka, Patna, Muzaffarpur and Motihari. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 3. 5 MMTPA. Paradip-Hyderabad Pipeline (PHPL) The 1219-Km Paradip-Hyderabad Pipeline was initially commissioned from Paradip to Vijayawada in 2022 and then from Vijayawada to Hyderabad in 2024 to deliver products from Paradip Refinery to Berhampur, Visakhapatnam, Atchutapuram, Vijayawada and Hyderabad. PHPL has an installed capacity of 4. 5 MMTPA. It has the facility to receive coastal inputs at Visakhapatnam for delivery to other terminals. Paradip-Somnathpur-Haldia Pipeline (PSHPL) The 341-Km long Paradip-Somnathpur-Haldia Pipeline (PSHPL) with an installed capacity of 4. 6 MMTPA is designed to deliver petroleum products from Paradip refinery to IndianOil’s terminals at Somnathpur (Balasore) in Odisha and Haldia in West Bengal. This pipeline was commissioned in the year 2023. Koyali-Ahmednagar-Solapur Pipeline (KASPL) Koyali-Ahmednagar-Solapur Pipeline is 752 Km long, commissioned in 2023, with an installed capacity of 5. 0 MMTPA. Its originating pumping station is at Dumad near Koyali Refinery with terminals at Manmad, Ahmednagar and Solapur in Maharashtra. Apart from above, IndianOil also operates 6 ATF pipelines, details of which are as follows: Sl. No. Pipeline Year of commissioning Length (Km) Capacity (MMTPA) 1. Panipat Bijwasan ATF line 111 1. 00 2. Chennai Meenambakkam ATF Pipeline 2008 95 0. 18 3. Devangonthi Devanhalli Pipeline (Common Carrier) 2008 36 0. 66 4. Kolkata ATF Pipeline 2018 27 0. 20 5. Lucknow ATF Pipeline 2022 5. 9 0. 21 6. Bhubaneswar ATF Pipeline 2024 15 0. 12 Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:19 | https://iocl.com/paradip-refinery | 14.49 KB ===

Paradip Refinery | Petroleum Refinery | IndianOil Home Our Business Paradip Refinery Paradip Refinery Paradip Refinery Paradip Refinery, commissioned in 2016, is situated in Paradip, Jagatsinghpur district in the State of Odisha. Situated on the Eastern Coast this refinery caters to the petroleum products demand majorly across east, south and central India & is strategically located for export of petroleum products to South-East Asian countries. Paradip Refinery is Indian Oil’s first refinery with single Atmospheric Column for processing 15. 0 Million Metric Tonnes Per Annum. The crude receipt is by 3 nos. Single Point Mooring (SPM) located at around 25 kms inside the sea to facilitate Crude delivery by VLCC. The refinery is designed to process 100% High Sulphur Crude and crude with TAN of 0. 5. Several first-time technological features have been installed at Paradip Refinery including Alkylation unit for producing alkylate which is a low benzene MS blend stock, Flue Gas Desulphurisation facilities for firing high Sulphur Vacuum Residue in Boilers & Vapour Recovery system from jetty loading to meet the stringent emission norms of SOx and Volatile organic emissions despite processing heavy high Sulphur Crude. The refinery is in a synergic partnership with the environment with strictly monitored liquid effluent discharge and controlled stack emissions which are uplinked on real time basis to the server of Central Pollution Control Board. Paradip Refinery is the only PSU refinery equipped with an Alkylation unit capable of producing octane-rich low-benzene MS blend component. The refinery configuration also consists of “INDMAX” unit which is based on indigenous IOCL technology. It is capable of producing high yields of LPG, Propylene & Ethylene. The refinery can produce various petroleum products like Gasoline, HSD, SKO, Aviation Turbine Fuel, Propylene, Sulphur, and Petroleum Coke. The refinery is also designed to produce Premium quality Gasoline and HSD variants for export. Major units are AVU, INDMAX, PRU, Coker, CCRU, VGO Hydro-treater, Sulphur Recovery unit, Diesel hydro-treater, Sulphuric Acid Regeneration Unit (SARU), Alkylation Unit, ERU, MEG, PP. To expand IOCL’s petrochemical footprint a ERU (Ethylene Recovery Unit) and MEG (Mono Ethylene Glycol) unit have been installed and commissioned. Paradip Refinery also produces various grades of PP from its Polypropylene unit and MEG, DEG & TEG from the Mono Ethylene Glycol Unit. Major Upcoming Projects: Para-xylene and PTA plants are under implementation stage. Stage-1 approval obtained for installation Paradip Petrochemical complex along with downstream petrochemical and associated facilities at Paradip. Major products: Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG), Polypropylene, Mono Ethylene Glycol (MEG), High Speed Diesel (HSD), Motor spirit (MS), Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF), Superior Kerosene Oil (SKO), Sulphur, Light Cycle Oil (LCO), Low Sulphur Heavy Stock (LSHS), Pet Coke, Bitumen. Other Products: Storm-X, Reference fuel of various grades viz. E-0, E-05, E-10, E-20. PTA will be produced from the refinery post commissioning of the PX-PTA project which is under implementation. Mode of Product Dispatch: Pipeline: Paradip Raipur Ranchi Pipeline (PRRPL), Paradip Hyderabad Pipeline (PHPL), Paradip Somnathpur Haldia Pipeline (PSHPL), Paradip Haldia Barauni Motihari Pipeline (PHBMPL). Jetty: A total 12 loading arms consisting of 8 liquid product loading, 3 vapour return and 1 crude unloading arms are provided. Rail Road Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:28 | https://iocl.com/haldia-refinery | 16.63 KB ===

Haldia Refinery | Petroleum Refinery | IndianOil Home Our Business Haldia Refinery Haldia Refinery Haldia Refinery Haldia Refinery is the 4th refinery of Indian Oil Corporation Ltd located in the East Midnapore district of West Bengal, at the confluence of rivers Haldi and Hooghly, 136 km away from Kolkata. The refinery was commissioned in 1975 with an installed capacity of 2. 5 million metric tons per annum (MMTPA) in technical collaboration with M/s. TECHNIP-ENSA of France for Fuel sector and M/s. Industrial Export of Romania for Lube sector. The Refinery is spread over an area of about 612 acres. Fuel Oil Block comprises CDU, NHDT, CRU, and KHDS. The initial processing capacity was increased to 2. 75 MMTPA in April 1989 and further enhanced to 3. 6 MMTPA through in-house de-bottlenecking. In 1997, the second Crude Distillation Unit was added to increase the refinery capacity to 4. 6 MMTPA. With the commissioning of the 2nd VDU and secondary processing facilities, the Refinery became capable of processing 6. 0 MMTPA of crude oil. Subsequently, Capacity expansion from 6. 0 to 7. 5 MMTPA along with the addition of a Once-Through Hydro cracking Unit (1. 7 MMTPA), Hydrogen Generation Unit, Sulphur Recovery Units, Revamp of Crude Distillation Unit-CDU-II and related Utilities & Offsite facilities was done in the year 2010. Capacity expansion of the refinery was done from 7. 5 to 8. 0 MMTPA along with the implementation of a new DCU alongwith and Coker GasOil treater in February 2020. Lube Oil Block (LOB), comprises VDU-I, Catalytic De-waxing Units (I & II), Hydro-Finishing Unit (LHFU). The Catalytic Iso-Dewaxing Unit - I, commissioned in 2003, is the first of its kind in India to produce superior quality API Group II Lube Oil Base Stocks having lower pour point, very low Sulphur content, and higher Viscosity Index as compared to the conventional API Group-I Lube Base Stocks. Haldia Refinery has recently introduced new products viz. API Gr-III LOBS and Low Sulphur Bunker Fuel (MARPOL) in line with the IMO specifications. Very recently, Haldia Refinery successfully commissioned Catalytic Iso-Dewaxing Unit-II which is a first-of-its-kind installation in India. This 270 TMTPA CIDW-II constructed with a significant investment of approximately Rs 1019 crores will produce advanced Group III Lubes Oil Base Stock (LOBS) in the country which will lead to import-substitution in the spirit of Atmanirbhar Bharat. Newly commissioned Catalytic Iso-Dewaxing Unit-II shall provide flexibility to the refinery by production of superior API Gr-III LOBS products (4 cSt; 6 cSt & 8 cSt) and speciality grade LOBS (like Transformer Oil; Light White Oil; Medium White Oil etc). This special grade LOBS contains less than 10 ppmw Sulphur with a Pour point between minus 15 & minus 18 deg C with excellent low-temperature properties making them ideal for use in automotive formulations. They also possess excellent oxidation characteristics, inherently high Viscosity Index (122-131) & low volatility (6 to 15 % wt) to make them ideal for usage in passenger cars and for heavy-duty diesel vehicles to meet the most stringent specifications of engine oil. API Gr-III products will be used by mainly BS-VI-compliant OEM engine oils for car manufacturers. Haldia Refinery will pioneer the production of API Gr-III LOBS on a larger scale among Indian refineries. The LOBS import dependence will be reduced by around 8%, thereby saving valuable foreign exchange. Following units were added to meet the fuel specifications: Improvement in diesel quality and distillates yield (hydrocracker) project along with refinery expansion from 6. 0 MMTPA to 7. 5 MMTPA had an objective to produce Euro-III/IV/VI quality HSD, and refinery expansion to improve distillate yield. The project consisted of OHCU (1. 7 MMTPA), HGU, SRU, Revamp of CDU-II (2. 4 to 4. 1 MMTPA). The project was completed in 2010. Improvement in quality and distillate yield project along with refinery expansion from 7. 5 MMTPA to 8 MMTPA had the objective to improve distillate yield, product quality and capacity expansion from 7. 5 to 8. 0 MMTPA. CDU-1 capacity revamp (from 3. 4 to 3. 9 MMTPA), new DCU (1. 7 MMTPA), new CGO-T (1. 4 MMTPA), DHDT (1. 2 MMTPA), and associated facilities were included. The project was implemented in two phases with Phase-I in 2019 and Phase-II in 2020. Further to meet the local sulfuric acid demand, India’s first Wetgas Sulfuric Acid plant of 375 MTPD was commissioned in 2022. The unit will supply 40 TPH High Pressure Steam to the steam network of the Refinery, thereby contributing to the NetZero goals of IndianOil. Major products: Finished products from Haldia Refinery include both fuel oil products and lube oil base stocks. Fuel Products: Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG), Naphtha, Motor Spirit (MS), Superior Kerosene (SKO), Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF), High Speed Diesel (HSD), Jute Batching Oil (JBO), Light Diesel Oil (LDO), Mineral Turpentine Oil (MTO), Ethanol Blended Motor Spirit (EBMS), Furnace Oil (FO), Low Sulphur Heavy Stock (LSHS), MARPOL FO, Bitumen, Petcoke, Sulphur and Sulfuric acid. Lube Oil products: API Group II/III Lube Oil Base Stocks (LOBS) of different grades, Residues: Furnace Oil (FO), MARPOL FO, Bitumen, Petcoke, Sulphur and Sulfuric acid. Mode of Product Dispatch: Product pipelines: Haldia Barauni Pipeline (HBPL) for MS/HSD, Haldia Mourigram Rajbandh Pipeline (HMRPL): for MS, SKO, PHDPL for LPG, PSHPL for MS, HSD, ATF Tank Wagon: for MS, HSD, SKO, ATF, FO, Naphtha, LOBS. Packed Bitumen Tanker trucks: for LPG, MS, HSD, ATF, LOBS, Bitumen, FO, Sulphur (solid and bagged), Sulphuric acid Marine ships and Barges: MS, EBMS, SKO, HSD, ATF, Naphtha, Bitumen, MARPOL, LOBS Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:20:28 | https://iocl.com/crude-oil-pipelines | 13.63 KB ===

Crude Oil Pipelines | IndianOil Home Our Business Crude Oil Pipelines Crude Oil Pipelines Crude Oil Pipelines Salaya-Mathura Pipeline (SMPL) The 2663 km long crude oil pipeline with an installed capacity of 25 MMTPA originates from Salaya near Vadinar in Jamnagar district on the coast of Gujarat to bring crude oil to IndianOil's Refineries at Koyali in Gujarat, Mathura in Uttar Pradesh and Panipat in Haryana. Two Single Point Mooring (SPM) systems are operated at Vadinar to unload the crude oil received from tankers including Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs) with offshore pipelines of 25 km. At Vadinar, IndianOil has a vast crude oil tank farm having 18 tanks with a total capacity of 1. 5 MMT. SMPL system also has crude oil storage tank farms one at Viramgam in Gujarat, having 9 tanks with a total capacity of 0. 5 MMT and another at Chaksu in Rajasthan having 6 tanks with a total capacity of 0. 3 MMT which works as Line Balancing Tank (LBT). Paradip-Haldia-Barauni Pipeline (PHBPL) The 1465 km long crude oil pipeline with an installed capacity of 20. 4 MMTPA originates from Paradip in Odisha to bring crude oil to IndianOil's refineries at Haldia in West Bengal, Barauni in Bihar, Bongaigaon (through Oil India Limited's pipeline from Barauni) and part requirement of Guwahati Refinery in Assam by rake from Barauni Refinery. The pipeline system includes 102 km long offshore and online pipeline from three Single Point Mooring systems to the crude oil tank farm in Paradip. These SPMs also meet the crude requirement of Paradip Refinery in Odisha through discharge of tankers including Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs). At Paradip, IndianOil Pipelines has a crude oil tank farm with 20 tanks and a total capacity of 1. 1 MMT. The PHBPL system also has crude oil storage tank farm at Haldia Pipeline Station in West Bengal, with 8 tanks of a total capacity of 0. 4 MMT which works as Line Balancing Tank (LBT). Mundra - Panipat Pipeline (MPPL) The 1194 km long Mundra- Panipat Pipeline with an installed capacity of 8. 4 MMTPA was commissioned to transport crude oil from Mundra on the Gujarat coast to IndianOil's refinery at Panipat in Haryana. MPPL consists of a 74 km long pipeline from Mundra to Churwa which is the hook up point of MPPL to the existing system of Kandla-Panipat section of erstwhile Kandla-Bhatinda Pipeline near Gandhidham. The pipeline utilizes Gujarat Adani Port's Single Point Mooring (SPM) offshore crude oil terminal facilities and associated offshore and onshore pipelines. The crude oil tank farm consists of 12 crude oil storage tanks with a total capacity of 0. 6 MMT at Mundra Pipeline Station. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:22:43 | https://iocl.com/about-indianoil | 18.71 KB ===

About us - IndianOil | Oil and Gas Company in India Home About Us About IndianOil About IndianOil About IndianOil Welcome to IndianOil, The Energy of India From the snow-clad peaks of Jammu & Kashmir to Kanyakumari’s southern shores, from the first sunrays touching Kibithu in Arunachal Pradesh to the golden sands of Jaisalmer, IndianOil’s presence stretches across every extreme of the nation’s landscape. We fuel journeys on the highest motorable roads, power life in the remotest islands, energise the nation’s industrial heartlands, and keep homes warm and kitchens running in every district of India. This is more than an energy network, it is a lifeline of connectivity, progress, and care. Every drop we move, every flame we light carry, every watt we generate, we do it with it the spirit of Nation-First. IndianOil stands as a steadfast partner in India’s onward march towards Viksit Aatmanirbhar Bharat - energising the nation, and touching lives far beyond fuel. A Legacy of Growth, A Future in Motion Since its inception, IndianOil has stood shoulder-to-shoulder with the nation, matching its pace, responding to its energy needs, and helping shape its future. Ranked 127th on the Fortune Global 500, IndianOil is India’s top-ranked energy PSU and a name that inspires trust across global energy corridors. IndianOil’s story is one of responsible energy and milestones. The Corporation over the years has energising the lives of IndianOil in myriad ways. From being the largest refiner in the country to delivering energy products 24x7, IndianOil is ‘Hamesha Open’. LPG connections to aviation fuel, powering ever journey with a variety of fuel options and now green energy offerings, IndianOil serves the nation with energy that empowers. With over 40, 000 fuel stations and over 63000 customer touchpoints, IndianOil is present across the length and breadth of the country. But what sets IndianOil apart is not just scale. It’s spirit. Fuelling with Purpose IndianOil proudly energises the growth journey of the world’s 4th largest economy and further endeavours to build a truly energy independent Atmanirbhar Bharat. As one of the largest customer-facing organisations in the country, IndianOil serves 3. 2 Crore customers daily through its retail outlets, refills over 27 Lakh LPG cylinders per day, and fuels more than 2, 800 flights every day at 130 airports. IndianOil continues to work round the clock ensuring uninterrupted energy access through nearly 20, 000 km of pipelines — From expanding service touchpoints to introducing value-added offerings and leveraging digital platforms, the Company remains committed to delivering convenience, reliability, and a superior service experience. IndianOil operates with a singular focus: Nation-First. We believe energy is not a commodity — it’s a commitment. That’s why IndianOil is also one of the driving forces behind the Ujjwala Yojana — ushering clean cooking into rural India — and why we keep innovating to make energy safer, sustainable, smarter and more accessible. Engineering Tomorrow Innovation is in our DNA. From cryogenics and alternative fuels to green hydrogen and next-gen biofuels — IndianOil is investing in future technologies today. Our R&D efforts are backed by some of the finest minds in the country, shaping India's low-carbon future while enhancing energy security. We’re also pushing boundaries globally — with successful operations and partnerships in Nepal, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, and the Middle East. Empowering Lives, Enriching Communities At IndianOil, “Pehle Indian, Phir Oil” is more than a motto — it’s a mindset. More than a duty, CSR is our commitment to empower lives and nurture communities. Anchored in our vision of caring for people and the planet, IndianOil’s CSR focuses on key thrust areas — ‘Healthcare and sanitation’, ‘Education and employment-enhancing vocational skills’, ‘Safe drinking water and protection of water resources’, 'Rural development', 'Environment sustainability', ‘Empowerment of women and socially/economically backward groups’, etc. As one of India’s leading energy enterprises, IndianOil continues to go beyond business to create lasting impact where it matters most — at the grassroots. Beyond Business, Beyond Borders In moments when the nation holds its breath, be it a flash flood, a raging cyclone, or a tense geopolitical turn—IndianOil stands tall, fuelled by duty and driven by purpose. From treacherous terrains to remote border outposts, we power the mission-readiness of India’s defence forces with seamless energy support. Our teams work round the clock to ensure that when the country needs us most, we are already there mobilising resources, reaching the unreachable, and keeping the nation moving. For IndianOil, serving India is not just a commitment, it is a calling we honour, every day. Progressing the Sustainable way IndianOil is on an ambitious journey to achieve Net-Zero operational emissions by 2046 — a bold move aligned with India’s larger climate goals. But our green vision doesn’t end there. We’re steadily scaling up solar, wind, and bio-energy projects, and pioneering carbon-conscious pathways across our operations. Our Glorious Journey IndianOil – In Every Part, In Every Heart As the country’s flagship energy major, IndianOil is present in every part of the nation and in the hearts of millions it serves each day. With over 63, 000 customer touch-points, IndianOil ensures that precious petroleum fuels and clean energy solutions reach every corner of the country. IndianOil owns and operates 10 group refineries with a capacity of 80. 75 MMTPA Operates over 20000 km cross-country pipeline network, the largest in India. This vast energy backbone moves over 100 million metric tonnes of products annually, securing the nation’s energy supply. With over 40, 000 fuel stations fuelling over 3 crore customers daily, IndianOil connects highways, cities, and the remotest villages. Indane, IndianOil’s LPG super brand, continues to be trusted by over 15 crore kitchens, ensuring safety, convenience, and reach unmatched in the industry. During FY 2024-25, IndianOil recorded Product sales of over 100 Million Metric Tonnes per annum One of the largest petrochemicals players in India, IndianOil has 3, 315 KTA of production capacity, delivering value-added products to industries across the globe. Second Largest player in natural gas segment, IndianOil serves 49 geographical areas across 115 districts, bringing clean energy to homes, transport, and industry. Guided by its vision for a sustainable energy future, IndianOil is at the forefront of green transformation — from Hydrogen mobility and industrial hydrogen projects, to biofuels, E20 and Ethanol 100 fuels, and compressed biogas marketed under the ‘IndiGreen’ brand. As of March 2025, E20 fuel is available at over 8, 000 outlets and Ethanol 100 at 470 outlets nationwide. India’s largest player in electric mobility infrastructure with over 14000 EV charging stations (about 58% of the country’s total) and 108 battery swapping facilities. In collaboration with Tata Motors, our fleet of 15 hydrogen fuel cell buses runs emission-free, releasing only water vapour. IndianOil’s innovation extends beyond fuels with initiatives like the ‘Surya Nutan’ solar cooktop, piloted in rural households, and industry-leading projects in green hydrogen, SAF (Sustainable Aviation Fuel), and carbon capture. Beyond business, IndianOil’s Nation-First ethos drives impactful social investment. In FY 2024–25, IndianOil invested ₹460. 49 crore in CSR, benefiting over 13. 6 Million people through programmes in healthcare, education, sanitation, women empowerment, skill development, and environmental restoration. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:24:13 | https://iocl.com/petroleum-product-pipelines | 19.71 KB ===

Petroleum Product Pipelines | IndianOil Home Our Business Petroleum Product Pipelines Petroleum Product Pipelines Petroleum Product Pipelines Guwahati-Siliguri Product Pipeline (GSPL) Guwahati-Siliguri Pipeline with an installed capacity of 1. 4 MMTPA was commissioned in the year 1964. Designed by Bechtel, USA and constructed by Snam Progetti, Italy, it has the unique distinction of being one of the first product pipeline to be built east of Suez. The 435-km long pipeline originates at Guwahati Refinery and passes through Bongaigaon refinery, transports petroleum products for delivery at Betkuchi and Siliguri. Koyali - Ahmedabad Pipeline (KAPL) The 79-km long Koyali-Ahmedabad Pipeline with an installed capacity of 1. 1 MMTPA was commissioned in 1966. Designed and constructed by Snam Saipem, Italy, the pipeline carries a variety of petroleum products from IndianOil's Koyali Refinery to the Navagam terminal (Ahmedabad) within the state of Gujarat. Haldia-Barauni Pipeline (HBPL) Commissioned in 1967, the 526 km long Haldia-Barauni Pipeline originates at Haldia in West Bengal and terminates at Barauni in Bihar delivering product at Jasidih in Jharkhand on the way. This pipeline exemplifies IndianOil's expertise in system modification and pipeline hydraulic engineering. Commissioned initially as a petroleum product pipeline, the pipeline was later used to transport imported crude oil to Barauni Refinery. After some years, the pipeline started pumping petroleum products from Barauni Refinery back to Haldia. Once Haldia Refinery came into being, flow direction was again reversed and at present, the pipeline is used for transportation of petroleum products from Haldia Refinery. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 1. 25 MMTPA. Haldia-Mourigram-Rajbandh Pipeline (HMRPL) The 277-km long Haldia-Mourigram-Rajbandh Pipeline was built in 1972 to transport petroleum products from IndianOil's Haldia Refinery to Mourigram (Howrah) and Rajbandh (Burdwan) in West Bengal. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 1. 35 MMTPA. Barauni-Kanpur Pipeline (BKPL) Originally commissioned in 1966, BKPL has undergone several modifications to deliver more products at newer locations in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Nepal. Presently 1227 km long, the pipeline system with an installed capacity of 5. 5 MMTPA forms an integrated network with other pipelines in east and north India. Motihari-Amlekhgunj pipeline, the first trans-national pipeline of the country is part of the same pipeline. This pipeline delivers products to Patna, Mughalsarai, Prayagraj, Kanpur, Lucknow, Baitalpur, Motihari & Amlekhgunj (Nepal). Mathura-Delhi Pipeline (MDPL) The Mathura-Delhi Pipeline was earlier a section of the Mathura-Jalandhar Pipeline commissioned in 1984. It was the first pipeline designed by IndianOil with in-house construction supervision. The 147-km long pipeline transports petroleum products from Mathura Refinery to Bijwasan in Delhi. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 3. 7 MMTPA. Panipat-Ambala-Jalandhar Pipeline (PAJPL) The pipeline part of erstwhile Mathura-Jalandhar Pipeline was connected to Panipat Refinery in 1997, enabling transport of petroleum products from Panipat Refinery. The 495-km long pipeline has an installed capacity of 3. 5 MMTPA. Panipat-Delhi Pipeline (PDPL) Petroleum products from Panipat refinery are transported through this pipeline, which was earlier a section of Mathura-Jalandhar Pipeline. The pipeline is 189 Km long and has a branch line to Meerut. This is a bi-directional pipeline with a facility to pumps products from Mathura Refinery as well as Panipat Refinery towards Tikrikalan (Delhi), Meerut and Panipat. Installed capacity of the pipeline is 3. 0 MMTPA. Mathura-Agra-Gawria Pipeline (MAGPL) A 311-km long pipeline transporting products from Mathura Refinery to Agra Terminal was commissioned in 2003, which was further extended to Gawria for delivering products to Lucknow, Kanpur and Allahabad terminals. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 4. 0 MMTPA. Panipat-Bhatinda Pipeline (PBPL) Panipat-Bhatinda Pipeline was part of erstwhile Kandla-Bathinda Pipeline commissioned in 1996. Petroleum products from Panipat refinery are transported through this 219-km long pipeline to Sangrur and Bhatinda. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 3. 0 MMTPA. Panipat-Rewari Pipeline (PRPL) This 155-km long pipeline, commissioned in 2004, transports products from Panipat Refinery to Rewari Terminal. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 2. 1 MMTPA. Panipat-Jalandhar LPG Pipeline (PJPL) The 274-km long pipeline from Karnal (Panipat), traverses through Nabha and terminates at Jalandhar. IndianOil's first LPG Pipeline, it was commissioned in 2008. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 0. 7 MMTPA. Koyali- Jaipur-Panipat Pipeline (KJPPL) The 1664 km long Koyali- Jaipur-Panipat Pipeline Pipeline delivers Koyali refinery products to Ahmedabad, Sidhpur and Kandla in Gujarat and Jodhpur, Chittorgarh as well as Jaipur in Rajasthan. It has a facility for injection of products as coastal input at Kandla. In association with another pipeline, KJPPL is also used to transport Naphtha from Koyali Refinery to Panipat to meet the demand of Panipat Naphtha Cracker in Haryana. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 5. 0 MMTPA. Koyali-Dahej Product Pipeline (KDPL) The 197-km long product pipeline from Koyali Refinery to Dahej terminal of Gujarat Chemical Port Terminal Company Limited (GCPTCL) was commissioned in 2007. It has a branch line to Hazira (Surat). This pipeline has an installed capacity of 2. 6 MMTPA. Chennai-Trichy-Madurai Product Pipeline (CTMPL) Chennai-Trichy-Madurai Product Pipeline, a common-carrier pipeline authorized by PNGRB, is 683 km long with an installed capacity of 3. 9 MMTPA. Commissioned in the year 2005, this pipeline has undergone subsequent augmentation. The pipeline transports products from Manali refinery of Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited (CPCL), a subsidiary of IndianOil to Trichy, Madurai, Asanur and Salem. Koyali-Ratlam Product Pipeline (KRPL) The 265-km long product pipeline with an installed capacity of 2. 0 MMTPA from Koyali Refinery to Ratlam Marketing Terminal was commissioned in 2009. Chennai-Bangalore Pipeline (CBPL) The 290-km long petroleum product pipeline with an installed capacity of 2. 45 MMTPA from Chennai to Bengaluru was commissioned in 2010 to position petroleum products from CPCL, Manali Refinery in Chittoor and Bengaluru. Mathura-Bharatpur Pipeline (MBPL) The 21-km long product pipeline from Mathura refinery to Bharatpur was commissioned in 2010. It has an installed capacity of 1. 2 MMTPA. Paradip-Raipur-Ranchi Pipeline (PRRPL) The 1073-km long PNGRB authorized common-carrier Pipeline was commissioned during 2016-17 to deliver products from Paradip refinery to Jatni (Bhubaneswar), Jharsuguda, Raipur, Korba and Ranchi. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 5. 0 MMTPA. Paradip-Haldia-Barauni-Motihari LPG Pipeline (PHBMPL) The 1710 km long Paradip-Haldia- Barauni-Motihari LPG Pipeline is IndianOil's second LPG pipeline. It transports LPG from IndianOil refineries at Paradip, Haldia & Barauni and import terminals at Paradip & Haldia to bottling plants at Balasore, Kalyani, Budge Budge, Durgapur, Banka, Patna, Muzaffarpur and Motihari. This pipeline has an installed capacity of 3. 5 MMTPA. Paradip-Hyderabad Pipeline (PHPL) The 1219-Km Paradip-Hyderabad Pipeline was initially commissioned from Paradip to Vijayawada in 2022 and then from Vijayawada to Hyderabad in 2024 to deliver products from Paradip Refinery to Berhampur, Visakhapatnam, Atchutapuram, Vijayawada and Hyderabad. PHPL has an installed capacity of 4. 5 MMTPA. It has the facility to receive coastal inputs at Visakhapatnam for delivery to other terminals. Paradip-Somnathpur-Haldia Pipeline (PSHPL) The 341-Km long Paradip-Somnathpur-Haldia Pipeline (PSHPL) with an installed capacity of 4. 6 MMTPA is designed to deliver petroleum products from Paradip refinery to IndianOil’s terminals at Somnathpur (Balasore) in Odisha and Haldia in West Bengal. This pipeline was commissioned in the year 2023. Koyali-Ahmednagar-Solapur Pipeline (KASPL) Koyali-Ahmednagar-Solapur Pipeline is 752 Km long, commissioned in 2023, with an installed capacity of 5. 0 MMTPA. Its originating pumping station is at Dumad near Koyali Refinery with terminals at Manmad, Ahmednagar and Solapur in Maharashtra. Apart from above, IndianOil also operates 6 ATF pipelines, details of which are as follows: Sl. No. Pipeline Year of commissioning Length (Km) Capacity (MMTPA) 1. Panipat Bijwasan ATF line 111 1. 00 2. Chennai Meenambakkam ATF Pipeline 2008 95 0. 18 3. Devangonthi Devanhalli Pipeline (Common Carrier) 2008 36 0. 66 4. Kolkata ATF Pipeline 2018 27 0. 20 5. Lucknow ATF Pipeline 2022 5. 9 0. 21 6. Bhubaneswar ATF Pipeline 2024 15 0. 12 Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:24:13 | https://iocl.com/gas-pipelines | 12.40 KB ===

Gas Pipeline | IndianOil Home Our Business Gas Pipelines Gas Pipelines Gas Pipelines Dadri-Panipat R-LNG Spur Pipeline (DPPL) The 143-km long pipeline from the terminal of GAIL (India) Ltd. 's pipeline network at Dadri in Uttar Pradesh to Panipat Refinery was commissioned in 2010 for supply of R-LNG. It also supplies R-LNG to Panipat Refinery & Naphtha Cracker Plant, National Fertilizer Limited, Panipat, IVL Dhunseri, IGL, BGEPL, NTPC Dadri and various CGD networks. DPPL has an installed capacity of 9. 5 MMSCMD. Dahej-Koyali R-LNG Pipeline (DKPL) Dahej-Koyali R-LNG Pipeline (DKPL) is 106 km long and was commissioned in the year 2022 for delivering R-LNG from Dahej terminal of PLL to IndianOil’s Gujarat Refinery. DKPL has an installed capacity of 5. 23 MMSCMD. Ennore-Tuticorin-Bengaluru R-LNG Pipeline (ETBPL) The Ennore-Tuticorin-Bengaluru R-LNG Pipeline (ETBPL) was commissioned in phases from year 2019-2023 and is 1094 km long now. The pipeline supplies R-LNG from Ennore LNG terminal to anchor customers such as Manali Refinery of CPCL, TamilNadu Petrochemicals, Madras Fertilizers, Manali Petrochemical Limited, Indian Additives Limited, SPIC Tuticorin, Hyundai Motors and Saint Gobain apart from several CGD networks in Tamil Nadu. Facilities exist at Ramanathapuram to inject gas from local fields in the pipeline. Pipeline has an installed capacity of 34. 67 MMSCMD. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:24:13 | https://iocl.com/pages/cng | 18.83 KB ===

Home IndianOil For You IndianOil for Motorists Compressed Natural Gas(CNG) Emergency contact: 1800-180-7788 customercare@indianoilcgd. com quick pay Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) is used in traditional internal combustion engine automobiles that have been modified or in Bi-Fuel vehicles which are manufactured for CNG use, either alone or in conjunction with another fuel such as Petrol. To use Natural Gas as an automobile fuel, it is compressed & dispensed to vehicles at high pressure of 200 Kg/cm2 to enhance the vehicle’s on-board storage capacity. CNG is an alternate fuel to Petrol, Diesel and Auto LPG. Economic benefits come along when users switch over to CNG, besides of course contributing to a greener, cleaner environment. CNG powered vehicles are more economical and efficient compared to other fuel driven options. In order to add to its offerings to customers, IndianOil is rapidly establishing CNG Retail outlets across the country in its allotted Geographic Areas. Advantages of CNG Economical / pocket friendly – CNG is not only eco-friendly, but also cost effective for customers. CNG price in India is lower than other liquid fuels The operating cost of CNG vehicles is comparatively lower than vehicles running on other fuels. CNG has a higher octane rating and has efficacy advantage over diesel and petrol. CNG fuel burns cleanly and is non-corrosive, resulting in longevity of pipes, mufflers and spark plugs of vehicles. CNG releases fewer by-products into the motor oil, which means less frequent oil changes and lower maintenance costs. Safe fuel – CNG is a safer fuel as it has high auto-ignition temperature ( 537℃) CNG is lighter than air, hence in case of leakage CNG disperses quickly into the air instead of on the ground, reducing the risk of fire and ground contamination Eco friendly – CNG is a clean fuel because of its low CO2 emissions as compared to diesel and petrol. Being lead and sulphur free, CNG emits lesser harmful gases than other fossil fuels. CNG outlet locator CNG Price GA NAME DISTRICTS RSP Excluding tax in Rs/Kg RSP including tax in Rs/Kg Price Effective From AURANGABAD AURANGABAD 76. 09 93 22. 09. 2025 KAIMUR 74. 46 91 22. 09. 2025 ROHTAS 75. 28 92 22. 09. 2025 ARWAL ARWAL 73. 53 90 22. 09. 2025 JEHANABAD 75. 15 92 22. 09. 2025 BHOJPUR 73. 53 90 22. 09. 2025 BUXAR 75. 95 93 22. 09. 2025 MUZAFFARPUR MUZZAFARPUR 75. 9 93 22. 09. 2025 VAISHALI 73. 47 90 22. 09. 2025 SARAN 75. 9 93 22. 09. 2025 SAMASTIPUR 73. 47 90 22. 09. 2025 BHAGALPUR LAKHISARAI 75. 67 93 22. 09. 2025 MUNGER 75. 67 93 22. 09. 2025 BHAGALPUR 75. 67 93 22. 09. 2025 PURNIA ARARIA 76. 36 93 22. 09. 2025 PURNIA 76. 36 93 22. 09. 2025 KATIHAR 76. 36 93 22. 09. 2025 KISHENGANJ 76. 36 93 22. 09. 2025 MADHEPURA KHAGARIA 80. 47 93 22. 09. 2025 SAHARSA 80. 47 93 22. 09. 2025 MADHEPURA 80. 47 93 22. 09. 2025 BOKARO BOKARO 73. 9 90. 65 22. 09. 2025 HAZARIBAGH 74. 6 91. 5 22. 09. 2025 RAMGARH 73. 9 90. 65 22. 09. 2025 DEOGHAR SHEIKHPURA 77. 05 92 22. 09. 2025 JAMUI 77. 05 92 22. 09. 2025 DEOGHAR 77. 44 93 22. 09. 2025 NAWADA NAWADA 81 92 22. 09. 2025 KODERMA 81. 88 93 22. 09. 2025 MEDNIPORE PASCHIM MEDINIPUR 77. 25 93. 5 22. 09. 2025 PURBA MEDINIPUR 77. 25 93. 5 22. 09. 2025 REWA REWA 72. 89 93. 9 22. 09. 2025 GUNA GUNA 72. 89 93. 9 22. 09. 2025 ASHOKNAGAR ASHOKNAGAR 72. 89 93. 9 22. 09. 2025 MORENA MORENA 73. 65 94. 9 22. 09. 2025 SIKAR JHUNJUNU 76. 78 93. 5 22. 09. 2025 SIKAR 76. 78 93. 5 22. 09. 2025 NAGAUR 76. 78 93. 5 22. 09. 2025 JALNA BEED 79. 87 94. 9 22. 09. 2025 JALNA 79. 87 94. 9 22. 09. 2025 COIMBATORE COIMBATORE 74. 36 88. 5 22. 09. 2025 SALEM SALEM 74. 36 88. 5 22. 09. 2025 KRISHNAGIRI DHARMAPURI 76. 02 92 22. 09. 2025 KRISHNAGIRI 74. 3 89. 9 22. 09. 2025 MADURAI MADURAI 74. 69 88. 9 22. 09. 2025 THENI 74. 69 88. 9 22. 09. 2025 VIRUDHUNAGAR 74. 69 88. 9 22. 09. 2025 KANYAKUMARI Kanya-kumari 75. 52 89. 9 22. 09. 2025 TUTICORIN 75. 52 89. 9 22. 09. 2025 TIRUNELVELI 75. 52 89. 9 22. 09. 2025 TENKASI 75. 52 89. 9 22. 09. 2025 JAGTIAL JAGITIAL 73. 35 94. 9 22. 09. 2025 PEDDAPALLI 73. 35 94. 9 22. 09. 2025 KARIMNAGAR 73. 35 94. 9 22. 09. 2025 Rajanna Sircilla 73. 35 94. 9 22. 09. 2025 VIZAG SRIKAKULAM 77. 19 91. 9 22. 09. 2025 VISAKHAPATNAM 77. 19 91. 9 22. 09. 2025 Vizianagaram 77. 19 91. 9 22. 09. 2025 GUNTUR KURNOOL 75. 93 91. 9 22. 09. 2025 GUNTUR 75. 93 91. 9 22. 09. 2025 PRAKASAM 75. 93 91. 9 22. 09. 2025 PATHANKOT PATHANKOT 71. 53 93. 9 22. 09. 2025 JAMMU JAMMU 70. 55 98 22. 09. 2025 SAMBA 70. 55 98 22. 09. 2025 Note: Dealer margins are also excluded in “excluding tax price” FAQs How safe is CNG? CNG is Compressed Natural Gas, having the same properties as that of Natural Gas. The Auto-ignition temperature of Natural Gas is 540 °C, which is far higher than its substitutes. The Lower Explosive Limit and Higher Explosive Limits of 5% and 15% respectively are also substantially higher than Petrol, Diesel and Auto LPG. Due to lower density of Natural Gas, it is lighter than Air and hence in case of leakage it disperses quickly into Air. All these characteristics make Natural Gas a safe fuel compared to other alternative fuels available today Which types of vehicles can be converted to CNG? CNG conversion is suitable for all petrol vehicles with carburettor, turbo, injection, and catalytic engines. CNG conversion is also possible for the most common direct injection engines. Does CNG conversion affect the life of engine? CNG is the cleanest, greenest and most economical fuels available today. Its combustion does not produce carbon residues (which cause engine oil to turn black). For this reason, the engine oil in gas vehicles remains clear and its properties unaltered, even after several thousands of kilometres and this helps in improving performance and reduce engine wear and tear. Can I still drive on petrol if I install a CNG system? Yes, using petrol as well as CNG is possible. In fact, today some car manufacturers have already launched models where this feature is factory fitted. After installation of the CNG system, the petrol vehicle becomes Bi-fuel, in other words, it can run either on CNG or petrol. In this way the running of the vehicle becomes economical, depending on the size of the gas tank installed. How safe are CNG tanks? CNG tanks are made from high resistant full steel to hold the final weight of the cylinder and are tested to 300 bars, 1. 4 times the normal working pressure, and are therefore extremely safe, approved and tested as they are in accordance with stringent standards. Why are CNG cars less polluting? Using methane as a fuel reduces the emission of greenhouse gas CO2 by over 20%. Emissions of Carbon monoxide (CO) and Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) are significantly lower. Most of Hydrocarbon emissions are made up of pure, non-toxic methane. CNG run cars do not produce particulate matter (PM10) thus reducing urban air pollution as well. What is the capacity of a cylinder, and running kilometres from one fill? In general, CNG cylinders suitable for 4 wheelers have a storage capacity of 9-10 Kg of CNG which can enable a run of around 180-230 Km. Can diesel vehicles be converted to CNG? Yes, a diesel vehicle can also be converted to run on CNG, but the conversion cost is higher than the conversion of petrol vehicles. How does CNG usage benefit the country? CNG is a fuel that is considered as least polluting of all fossil fuels. As the Global warming is increasing at a tremendous rate, adoption of CNG can significantly bring that rate down and help in protecting the environment. City Gas Distribution (CGD) Piped Natural Gas - Industrial / Commercial (PNG - I & C) Piped Natural Gas- Domestic (PNG-D) Petrol Pump Chatbot Skill says Hello, Welcome to IndianOil. How can we help you today? Friday, November 7, 2025 at 6: 48: 55 PM Skill says Hope you have enrolled with XTRAREWARDS, the loyalty & rewards program of Indian Oil? Yes No Friday, November 7, 2025 at 6: 48: 55 PM Type a message 2 Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:27:32 | https://iocl.com/chennai-petroleum-corporation-limited | 14.01 KB ===

Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited (CPCL) Home About Us Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited (CPCL) Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited (CPCL) is a world-class energy company with a dominant presence in South India. Formerly known as Madras Refineries Limited (MRL), it was formed as a joint venture between the Government of India (GOI), AMOCO and the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) in 1965 to set up a refinery at Manali, Chennai. AMOCO disinvested CPCL equity in favour of the Government of India in 1985. Later, the Government of India transferred its equity to IndianOil, and CPCL became a subsidiary of IndianOil in 2001. The present capacity of the Manali refinery is 10. 5 MMTPA. The Nelson Complexity of the refinery is 9. 71. CPCL Manali Refinery is one of the most complex refineries in India, with Fuel, Lube, Wax and Petrochemical feedstocks production facilities. The 5. 8 MGD Sea Water Desalination Plant set up to augment the water requirements of the refinery was the first of its kind in the industry. CPCL has also made pioneering efforts in Energy and Water Conservation by setting up a Wind Farm and Sewage Reclamation plant, where 5 MGD of sewage water from Chennai city is processed to meet the raw water requirements of the refinery. CPCL has a Wax Plant of 30, 000 metric tonnes (MT) per annum to produce paraffin wax for manufacturing candle wax, waterproof formulations, and match wax. This unit supports the livelihood of 30, 000 beneficiaries, mainly from domestic and Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises. A Propylene Plant was commissioned in 1988 with an initial capacity of 17000 MT per annum to supply petrochemical feedstock to neighbouring downstream industries. The unit was revamped to enhance the propylene production capacity to 30, 000 MT per annum in 2004. The Company’s main products are LPG, Motor Spirit, Superior Kerosene, Aviation Turbine Fuel, High-Speed Diesel, Naphtha, Bitumen, Lube Base Stocks, Paraffin Wax, Fuel Oil, Hexane, and Petroleum Coke. CPCL is also a mother industry supplying Linear Alkyl Benzene Feedstock (LABFS) and many other Petrochemical feedstocks to downstream units. CPCL Manali Refinery is accredited with ISO-9001: 2008, ISO- 14001: 2004 and OHSAS 18001: 2007. CPCL had a second refinery, located at Nagapattinam, which was commissioned in 1993. This Cauvery Basin Refinery (CBR) was a small well-head refinery processing crudes from nearby ONGC fields, Ravva crude and KG-D6 crude. CBR was decommissioned from 01. 04. 2019 due to limitations in meeting product specifications with the existing configuration. The construction of a new Refinery complex of 9. 0 MMTPA capacity in the existing location, including a Petrochemical facility, has been approved. The acquisition of additional land required is in an advanced stage. Consultants have been lined up and engineering and tendering / procurement activities are in progress. For more details, please visit www. cpcl. co. in Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:30:52 | https://iocl.com/light-diesel-oil | 14.92 KB ===

Light Diesel Oil: Industrial Fuel | IndianOil Home IndianOil for Businesses Light Diesel Oil Light Diesel Oil Light Diesel Oil Table 1 Requirements for LDO (Clause 4. 2) Sl No. Characteristics Method Of Test, Ref To HSD LDO Annex [P: ] of IS 1448 (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) i) Acidity, inorganic P: 2 ii) Acidity, total mg of KOH/G, Max 0. 30 P: 2 iii) Ash, percent by mass, Max 0. 01 0. 02 P: 4 iv) Carbon residue (Ramsbottom) on 10 percent residue, percent by mass, Max 0. 35 1 1. 5 (on whole sample) P: 8 v) Cetane number 2, Min 45 P: 9 vi) Pour point 3, Max 6 o C for winter and 18 o C for summer 4 12 o C for winter and 21 o C for summer 4 P: 10 vii) Copper strip corrosion for 3 h at 100 o C Not worse than No. 1 Not worse than No. 2 P: 15 viii) Distillation 90 percent volume recovery at o C, Max 366 P: 18 ix) Flash point 5 Abel, o C, Min 32 P: 20 Pensky-Martens, o C, Min 66 P: 21 x) Kinematic viscosity, cSt, at 40 o C 1. 8 to 5. 0 2. 0 to 15. 0 P: 25 xi) Sediments, percent by mass, Max 0. 05 0. 10 P: 30 xii) Density at 15 o 3 810 - 845 To be reported P: 32 xiii) Total sulphur 6, percent by mass, Max 1. 0 1. 8 P: 33 xiv) Water content, percent by volume, Max 0. 05 0. 25 P: 40 xv) Cold Filter Plugging Point (CFPP) 2, Max 9 o C for winter and 21 o C for summer 4) P: 110 xvi) Total sediments, mg per 100 ml 7, Max 1. 6 A 1. This limit is applicable prior to addition of cetane number improvers, if used. In case a value exceeding the limit is obtained on finished fuels in the market, ASTM D 4046 shall be used to establish the presence of nitrate containing cetane number improves. In such case the present limit for carbon residue cannot be applied. However, the use of cetane number improves does not exempt the manufacturer on meeting this requirement prior to the addition of additives. 2. When a test engine is not available or when the quantity of the sample is too small for an engine rating "Calculated Cetane Index by Four Variable Equation" by ASTM D 4737 may be used for estimation of cetane number. The error in prediction of the "Calculated Cetane Index" by this method will be less than +, -2 Cetane Number for fuels having Cetane Number within the range of 32 to 56. It may be noted that this method is not applicable to pure hydrocarbons or fuels containing cetane improvers or fuels derived from coal. For arbitration purposes, the direct determination of cetane number by means of the standardized engine test shall be used unless the buyer and the seller agree otherwise. 3. Subject to agreement between the purchaser and the supplier, a lower or higher maximum pour point and CFPP may be required for special applications and geographical areas. 4. Winter shall be the period from November to February (both months inclusive) and rest of the months of the year shall be called as summer. 5. Diesel fuel for naval applications including Merchant navy and fishing vessels of 12 metres and above in length shall have a flash point of 66 o C Min, when tested by the method prescribed in IS 1448 [P: 21]: 1970 6. Total sulphur content for HSD shall stand automatically revised as per the following schedule; although efforts will be made by the oil companies to reduce sulphur content below 1. 0 percent by mass even before 1998: 1998 2000 Total sulphur content, percent by mass max 0. 50 0. 25 7. This test shall be carried out only at the refinery or manufacturer's end and the limit for this test is meant for products prior to addition of multi-functional additives if used. However, the use of multi-functional additives does not exempt the manufacturer from meeting this requirement prior to the addition of additives. Effective 01. 04. 10 FO/LDO supplies to rail fed customers is through BTPN (8 wheeler) rakes only since railways has withdrawn conventional (4 wheeler) rakes from circulation. Click Here for LDO Specifications For Consumer Sales Trupti Vaibhav Kambli Ps to Chief General Manager (IB) 022-26447833 ib[at]indianoil[dot]in Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:35:11 | https://iocl.com/petrol-gasoline | 14.31 KB ===

Petrol/Gasoline: Natural Gas Companies Home IndianOil For You Petrol Gasoline Petrol Gasoline IndianOil - Petroleum Product Supplier Automotive gasoline and gasoline-oxygenate blends are used in internal combustion spark-ignition engines. These spark ignition engine fuels are primarily used for passenger cars. They are also used in off-highway utility vans, farm machinery and in other spark ignition engines employed in a variety of service applications. Gasoline is a complex mixture of relatively volatile hydrocarbons that vary widely in chemical & physical properties and are derived from fractional distillation of crude petroleum with a further treatment mainly in terms of improvement of its octane rating. The hundreds of individual hydrocarbons in gasoline range from c 4 to c 11. An oxygenate is an oxygen-containing, ashless organic compound (such as alcohol or ether) which can be used as a fuel or fuel supplement. Motor gasoline is sold at retail outlets, where it is directly delivered into the automobile tank. The Indian Standard governing the properties of motor gasoline & gasoline-oxygenate blends are IS: 2796: 2017, IS 17586: 2021 & IS 17021: 2018 In view of the auto fuel policy issued by Govt of India, more & more stringent specifications (equivalent to Euro VI / BS VI) are being made applicable for the gasolines being marketed in India. This has led to reduction of environmentally polluting factors in gasolines. IndianOil unveiled a new era of fuel technology with a launch of XP95 in May 2021, marking a significant milestone as the first to bring 95 octane number fuel to the customers. XP95 has a higher-octane number of 95 than that of normal petrol, which has an octane number of 91, and has additives to mitigate carbon deposits within vehicle engine. Currently XP95 is available at 10, 000+ retail outlets of IndianOil. Using a XP95 offers the following benefits to consumers: - Enhances performance: Using XP95 delivers enhanced performance as it increases engine power with 20% acceleration boost. Improves Fuel Economy: Depending on the vehicle model, XP95 gives an additional 3. 95% fuel efficiency. Reduces Emissions: Using XP95 reduces harmful emissions by proper combustion, keeps the engine clean and makes it more corrosion resistant. IndianOil set another milestone with the launch of XP100 on December 01, 2020, making IOCL the first to bring a 100-octane fuel to the Indian market. XP100 is produced using OCTAMAX technology, an indigenously developed technology by IndianOil R&D center. XP100 is best suited high-performance cars, as the superior antiknock properties improves: Engine power with faster acceleration Enhances Fuel Economy Offers Better Drivability Increases Engine life Low benzene content decreases carcinogenic emissions Low aromatic content reduces suspended particulate matter in emissions Related links For Retail Sales (Petrol Pumps) Feedback & Suggestion Frequently Asked Questions SOP for POS unit & mobile E-Wallet usage at Retail Outlets For Retail retail[at]indianoil[dot]in Petrol Pump Chatbot Skill says Hello, Welcome to IndianOil. How can we help you today? Friday, November 7, 2025 at 6: 53: 04 PM Skill says Hope you have enrolled with XTRAREWARDS, the loyalty & rewards program of Indian Oil? Yes No Friday, November 7, 2025 at 6: 53: 04 PM Type a message 2 Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:35:11 | https://iocl.com/raw-petroleum-coke | 13.02 KB ===

Petroleum Coke | IndianOil Home IndianOil for Businesses Raw Petroleum Coke Raw Petroleum Coke Petroleum Coke Petroleum coke is a carbonaceous product obtained in the oil refining process. It is abbreviated as Coke or Petcoke, and is a carbon-rich solid material derived from final cracking process — a thermo-based chemical engineering process that splits long chain hydrocarbons of petroleum into shorter chains— that takes place in coker units. There are two distinctive grades of Petroleum Coke viz. Calcinable or Green Petcoke and Fuel Grade Petcoke. . Production Calcinable grade coke or Green Petcoke, also referred as RPC is produced at Koyali, Barauni, Bongaigaon, Digboi and Guwahati refineries of IndianOil. Fuel Grade Petcoke is produced at Panipat, Paradip, Koyali and Haldia refineries of IndianOil. Applications Application as End use Feed Stock/ Fuel Use (PETCOKE) Cement Lime Kilns Gasification units Industrial Boilers Carbon Source (RPC) Electrodes for electrometallurgical industries Synthetic Graphite Aluminum Anodes TiO2 pigments Carbon Raiser Silicon Carbide Foundaries Coke Ovens Benefits of Fuel grade Petcoke over coal: Petcoke is a direct replacement of coal as a fuel but has higher calorific value (>7800Kcal/Kg as compared to 3500-4500 Kcal/Kg for coal). Petcoke is hydrophobic as compared to coal which is hydrophilic, thereby having edge during rainy season. Being solid fuel, Petcoke has low volatile matter thus no evaporation losses. Helps saving in transportation cost due to higher density compared to liquid fuels. Low ash content. Marketing arrangement RPC and Fuel grade Petcoke are sold ex refineries on ex MI basis by Rail (select refineries) and Road mode. The facility of Rail loading is available at Paradip, Koyali and Haldia refineries. Related links Specification Institutional Business Portal Feedback & Suggestion Integrated Institutional Business Portal User Manual For Consumer Sales Trupti Vaibhav Kambli PS to Chief General Manager (IB) 022-26447833 IB@INDIANOIL. IN Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:42:15 | https://iocl.com/pages/petrochemicals-overview | 19.40 KB ===

Petrochemicals: Gas and Oil Energy: IndianOil Home IndianOil for You IndianOil for Business Petrochemicals Petrochemicals India is amongst the fastest growing petrochemicals markets in the world. Taking this into consideration and to enhance its downstream integration, IndianOil is focusing on increasing its presence in the domestic petrochemicals sector besides the overseas markets through systematic expansion of customer base and innovative supply logistics. Petrochemicals have been identified as a prime driver of future growth by IndianOil. The Corporation is envisaging an investment of Rs 30, 000 crore in the petrochemicals business in the next few years. These projects will utilise product streams from the existing refineries of IndianOil, thereby achieving better exploitation of the hydrocarbon value chain. IndianOil has set up a world-scale Linear Alkyl Benzene (LAB) plant at Gujarat Refinery and an integrated Paraxylene/Purified Terephthalic Acid (PX/PTA) plant at Panipat. A Naphtha Cracker complex with downstream polymer units is also in operation at Panipat. IndianOil has recently come up with Polypropylene plant at Paradip, Odisha. These initiatives are designed to catapult IndianOil among the top three petrochemicals players in Southeast Asia in the long term. In order to penetrate the petrochemicals market effectively, a separate Strategic Business Unit (SBU) has been created in IndianOil for marketing of petrochemicals. This SBU has five exclusive sub-groups, classified product wise (LAB, Aromatics & Chemicals, Polymers) and function wise (Logistics & Exports), in addition to regional/field set-ups to offer reliable customer service. This SBU has already established IndianOil's LAB business both in India and abroad. Today, IndianOil is a major supplier to the key players in the detergent industry, both national and international. Similarly, in PTA business, all major domestic customers are catered to by IndianOil. IndianOil is catering to polymer industry in domestic as well as international level. This SBU is exporting products to 76 countries. A robust logistics model has been the key to IndianOil's success story and facilities have been put in place for seamless product dispatches to customers by rail, road and sea. Mega Plants: Linear Alkyl Benzene (LAB) plant, Gujarat Refinery: IndianOil made its big-ticket entry into petrochemicals with the commissioning of the country's largest Linear Alkyl Benzene (LAB) plant at Gujarat Refinery in August 2004. It is also the largest grassroots single train Kerosene-to-LAB unit in the world, with an installed capacity of 1, 20, 000 metric tonnes per annum (MTPA). Currently, two grades of LAB - HMW (high molecular weight) and LMW (low molecular weight) are being produced for manufacture of environment friendly biodegradable detergents. The quality of the LAB produced here has found wide acceptance in the domestic and overseas markets. Built at a cost of Rs. 1, 248 Crore and commissioned in a record 24 months' time, the plant produces superior quality LAB for manufacturing environment-friendly biodegradable detergents. The key raw materials for the plant, catering to domestic as well as export market requirements meeting the latest and most stringent quality standards, are Kerosene and Benzene produced at Koyali Refinery. Paraxylene/Purified Terephthalic Acid (PX/PTA), Panipat: The most technologically advanced plant in the country, the PX/PTA plant marks IndianOil's major step towards forward integration in the hydrocarbon value chain by manufacturing Paraxylene (PX) from captive Naphtha and thereafter, converting it into Purified Terephthalic Acid (PTA). The PTA Plant is the single largest unit in India with a world-scale capacity of 5, 53, 000 MTPA, achieving economy of scale. The process package for the PTA plant was prepared by erstwhile M/s Dupont, UK (now M/s. Invista) and that of the Paraxylene Unit was prepared by M/s UOP, USA. M/s EIL and M/s Toyo Engineering were the Project Management Consultants (PMC) for executing the PTA and PX respectively. The Paraxylene plant is designed to process 5, 00, 000 MTPA of heart-cut Naphtha to produce about 3, 60, 000 MTPA of PX. Naphtha is sourced from IndianOil's Panipat and Mathura refineries, for which Naphtha splitter units are set up at the respective refineries. The PTA unit produces 5, 53, 000 MTPA of Purified Terephthalic Acid from Paraxylene. Naphtha Cracker Plant, Panipat: Continuing the foray of Make in India initiative and horizontal integration in the Hydrocarbon value chain, IndianOil established a world scale Naphtha Cracker plant. India's one of the largest world-class Panipat Naphtha Cracker, built at a cost of Rs. 14, 439 Crore was commissioned in January, 2010. lndianOil's People, with dedication and determination, completed the construction and commissioning of the project in a record time of 46 months. It's flawless commissioning compares itself with the best in the world. The Plant is designed to synergize with existing Panipat Refinery. The feed for the unit is sourced internally from IndianOil's Koyali, Panipat, Barauni and Mathura refineries. The Panipat Naphtha Cracker complex comprises the following downstream units - Polypropylene Unit (Capacity: 600 KTA), High-Density Polyethylene Unit (HDPE) (capacity: 300KTA), Swing Unit (350 KTA, Linear Low-Density Poly Ethylene with HDPE), Mono Ethylene Glycol (MEG) plant (capacity: 325 KTA), Butadiene Unit (130KTA) and Butene unit (20 KTA). KTA is thousand tons per Annum The cracker produces over 800 KTA per annum of ethylene, 600 KTA of Propylene, 130 KTA of Benzene, and other products viz. Pyrolysis Fuel Oil, components of MS, LPG, Diesel etc. The Polypropylene (PP) unit is designed to produce high quality and high value niche grades including Bi-axially Oriented Polypropylene (BOPP) (used for food packaging and laminations), high clarity random copolymers (used for food containers and thin walled products) and super impact copolymer grades (used for batteries, automobile parts, luggage and heavy duty transport containers). Polyethylene is used for making injection moulded caps, heavy duty crates, containers, bins, textile bobbins, luggage ware, thermoware, storage bins, pressure pipes (for gas and water), small blow-moulded bottles, jerry cans, etc. Butadiene is used for making of synthetic rubber. Polypropylene Plant, Paradip: Indian Oil has set up a world class 700 KTA Polypropylene Plant based on standard propylene from the Indmax (high severity FCC) unit at a cost of Rs. 3150 crore at Paradip, Odisha to support plastic industry of Eastern Region. Commissioned in June 2019, Paradip PP plant is designed to produce Homopolymer grades for Injection Moulding, Raffia, Biaxially Oriented PP, TQ Film, Fiber & Filament and Extrusion Coating etc Major Facilities: Product Application Development Centre (PADC), Panipat: Located in the vicinity of sprawling Naphtha Cracker Complex in Panipat, the state-of-art Production Application Development Centre (PADC) promotes commercial application and customer oriented development of the niche grades and new applications, quality monitoring, technical support and customer relationship management. As an interface between the Company's Polymer plants at Panipat, its marketing set-up and end-use customers, PADC develops new applications, formulations and grades that are in sync with market needs. It is recognized by the Department of Scientific and Industrial research (DSIR), ministry of Science & technology, Govt. of India and certified by M/s. ICS. Product Application Development Centre (PADC), Paradip: IndianOil has come up with another state-of-art PADC near the Polypropylene plant at Paradip Refinery in 2019 to cater the requirements of customers in the region and strengthen already available similar facility at Panipat. This facility will also be a support system to upcoming Plastic Park at Paradip and Textile Park at Bhadrak. Related links SDMS CRM link for IndianOil employees Partner Portal Business Enquiries PROPEL Brochure Explore the world of PROPEL grades Customer Enquiry Form ProChat Connected Skill says Hi! ! ! I am ProChat, IOCL Petrochemical chatbot. I can answer your queries related to Petrochemical products. You can ask queries related to product applications, grade Info, contact details etc. or you can select from product groups to start conversation. Skill says Please select product group - Polymers PTA LAB Glycol Butadiene Share Audio Share File Share Location Type a message 2 Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:42:16 | https://iocl.com/protecting-pipelines-and-right-of-way | 12.83 KB ===

Protecting Pipelines | IndianOil Home Pipelines Protecting Pipelines and Right of Way Protecting Pipelines and Right of Way Protecting Pipelines & Right-of-Way To protect the pipelines from damage, activities around the pipelines are restricted and landowners are advised not to venture into such activities around the pipeline. Construction of permanent structure in the ROW may damage the pipeline and restrict its maintenance activities, hence it is not allowed. The activities which are prohibited in the pipeline Right-of-Way (ROW) are Any type of digging Plantation of trees Any type of construction activity Burning fires Storing materials However normal agriculture activities are allowed. Anybody noticing any type of abnormality in pipeline right-of-way (RoW) can protect the pipeline by notifying the company regarding potential damage or ROW issues at toll-free numbers as mentioned in emergency numbers tab. Always call the pipeline owner before you plan to dig in the RoW and report suspected damage to the owner at toll-free numbers. For essential use, manual excavation in the vicinity of the pipeline may be carried out after taking permission of the pipeline owner and avoid mechanized excavation close to the pipeline. The Manual digging can be done only after proper demarcation of the pipeline by the pipeline owner. If any scratch or dent is noticed on the pipeline during excavation, immediately stop the work and report any scratches or dents so that the damage can be inspected and the pipeline repaired, if needed. If it's not promptly repaired, the damage could result in future leaks or a serious accident. IndianOil regularly conducts maintenance of RoW, and carries out foot patrolling. The public is requested to inform the pipeline owner regarding any unauthorized construction activities in the RoW. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:44:11 | https://iocl.com/pages/Petrochemicals-Overview | 19.40 KB ===

Petrochemicals: Gas and Oil Energy: IndianOil Home IndianOil for You IndianOil for Business Petrochemicals Petrochemicals India is amongst the fastest growing petrochemicals markets in the world. Taking this into consideration and to enhance its downstream integration, IndianOil is focusing on increasing its presence in the domestic petrochemicals sector besides the overseas markets through systematic expansion of customer base and innovative supply logistics. Petrochemicals have been identified as a prime driver of future growth by IndianOil. The Corporation is envisaging an investment of Rs 30, 000 crore in the petrochemicals business in the next few years. These projects will utilise product streams from the existing refineries of IndianOil, thereby achieving better exploitation of the hydrocarbon value chain. IndianOil has set up a world-scale Linear Alkyl Benzene (LAB) plant at Gujarat Refinery and an integrated Paraxylene/Purified Terephthalic Acid (PX/PTA) plant at Panipat. A Naphtha Cracker complex with downstream polymer units is also in operation at Panipat. IndianOil has recently come up with Polypropylene plant at Paradip, Odisha. These initiatives are designed to catapult IndianOil among the top three petrochemicals players in Southeast Asia in the long term. In order to penetrate the petrochemicals market effectively, a separate Strategic Business Unit (SBU) has been created in IndianOil for marketing of petrochemicals. This SBU has five exclusive sub-groups, classified product wise (LAB, Aromatics & Chemicals, Polymers) and function wise (Logistics & Exports), in addition to regional/field set-ups to offer reliable customer service. This SBU has already established IndianOil's LAB business both in India and abroad. Today, IndianOil is a major supplier to the key players in the detergent industry, both national and international. Similarly, in PTA business, all major domestic customers are catered to by IndianOil. IndianOil is catering to polymer industry in domestic as well as international level. This SBU is exporting products to 76 countries. A robust logistics model has been the key to IndianOil's success story and facilities have been put in place for seamless product dispatches to customers by rail, road and sea. Mega Plants: Linear Alkyl Benzene (LAB) plant, Gujarat Refinery: IndianOil made its big-ticket entry into petrochemicals with the commissioning of the country's largest Linear Alkyl Benzene (LAB) plant at Gujarat Refinery in August 2004. It is also the largest grassroots single train Kerosene-to-LAB unit in the world, with an installed capacity of 1, 20, 000 metric tonnes per annum (MTPA). Currently, two grades of LAB - HMW (high molecular weight) and LMW (low molecular weight) are being produced for manufacture of environment friendly biodegradable detergents. The quality of the LAB produced here has found wide acceptance in the domestic and overseas markets. Built at a cost of Rs. 1, 248 Crore and commissioned in a record 24 months' time, the plant produces superior quality LAB for manufacturing environment-friendly biodegradable detergents. The key raw materials for the plant, catering to domestic as well as export market requirements meeting the latest and most stringent quality standards, are Kerosene and Benzene produced at Koyali Refinery. Paraxylene/Purified Terephthalic Acid (PX/PTA), Panipat: The most technologically advanced plant in the country, the PX/PTA plant marks IndianOil's major step towards forward integration in the hydrocarbon value chain by manufacturing Paraxylene (PX) from captive Naphtha and thereafter, converting it into Purified Terephthalic Acid (PTA). The PTA Plant is the single largest unit in India with a world-scale capacity of 5, 53, 000 MTPA, achieving economy of scale. The process package for the PTA plant was prepared by erstwhile M/s Dupont, UK (now M/s. Invista) and that of the Paraxylene Unit was prepared by M/s UOP, USA. M/s EIL and M/s Toyo Engineering were the Project Management Consultants (PMC) for executing the PTA and PX respectively. The Paraxylene plant is designed to process 5, 00, 000 MTPA of heart-cut Naphtha to produce about 3, 60, 000 MTPA of PX. Naphtha is sourced from IndianOil's Panipat and Mathura refineries, for which Naphtha splitter units are set up at the respective refineries. The PTA unit produces 5, 53, 000 MTPA of Purified Terephthalic Acid from Paraxylene. Naphtha Cracker Plant, Panipat: Continuing the foray of Make in India initiative and horizontal integration in the Hydrocarbon value chain, IndianOil established a world scale Naphtha Cracker plant. India's one of the largest world-class Panipat Naphtha Cracker, built at a cost of Rs. 14, 439 Crore was commissioned in January, 2010. lndianOil's People, with dedication and determination, completed the construction and commissioning of the project in a record time of 46 months. It's flawless commissioning compares itself with the best in the world. The Plant is designed to synergize with existing Panipat Refinery. The feed for the unit is sourced internally from IndianOil's Koyali, Panipat, Barauni and Mathura refineries. The Panipat Naphtha Cracker complex comprises the following downstream units - Polypropylene Unit (Capacity: 600 KTA), High-Density Polyethylene Unit (HDPE) (capacity: 300KTA), Swing Unit (350 KTA, Linear Low-Density Poly Ethylene with HDPE), Mono Ethylene Glycol (MEG) plant (capacity: 325 KTA), Butadiene Unit (130KTA) and Butene unit (20 KTA). KTA is thousand tons per Annum The cracker produces over 800 KTA per annum of ethylene, 600 KTA of Propylene, 130 KTA of Benzene, and other products viz. Pyrolysis Fuel Oil, components of MS, LPG, Diesel etc. The Polypropylene (PP) unit is designed to produce high quality and high value niche grades including Bi-axially Oriented Polypropylene (BOPP) (used for food packaging and laminations), high clarity random copolymers (used for food containers and thin walled products) and super impact copolymer grades (used for batteries, automobile parts, luggage and heavy duty transport containers). Polyethylene is used for making injection moulded caps, heavy duty crates, containers, bins, textile bobbins, luggage ware, thermoware, storage bins, pressure pipes (for gas and water), small blow-moulded bottles, jerry cans, etc. Butadiene is used for making of synthetic rubber. Polypropylene Plant, Paradip: Indian Oil has set up a world class 700 KTA Polypropylene Plant based on standard propylene from the Indmax (high severity FCC) unit at a cost of Rs. 3150 crore at Paradip, Odisha to support plastic industry of Eastern Region. Commissioned in June 2019, Paradip PP plant is designed to produce Homopolymer grades for Injection Moulding, Raffia, Biaxially Oriented PP, TQ Film, Fiber & Filament and Extrusion Coating etc Major Facilities: Product Application Development Centre (PADC), Panipat: Located in the vicinity of sprawling Naphtha Cracker Complex in Panipat, the state-of-art Production Application Development Centre (PADC) promotes commercial application and customer oriented development of the niche grades and new applications, quality monitoring, technical support and customer relationship management. As an interface between the Company's Polymer plants at Panipat, its marketing set-up and end-use customers, PADC develops new applications, formulations and grades that are in sync with market needs. It is recognized by the Department of Scientific and Industrial research (DSIR), ministry of Science & technology, Govt. of India and certified by M/s. ICS. Product Application Development Centre (PADC), Paradip: IndianOil has come up with another state-of-art PADC near the Polypropylene plant at Paradip Refinery in 2019 to cater the requirements of customers in the region and strengthen already available similar facility at Panipat. This facility will also be a support system to upcoming Plastic Park at Paradip and Textile Park at Bhadrak. Related links SDMS CRM link for IndianOil employees Partner Portal Business Enquiries PROPEL Brochure Explore the world of PROPEL grades Customer Enquiry Form ProChat Connected Skill says Hi! ! ! I am ProChat, IOCL Petrochemical chatbot. I can answer your queries related to Petrochemical products. You can ask queries related to product applications, grade Info, contact details etc. or you can select from product groups to start conversation. Skill says Please select product group - Polymers PTA LAB Glycol Butadiene Share Audio Share File Share Location Type a message 2 Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:44:25 | https://iocl.com/pages/PNGDomestic | 17.85 KB ===

Home IndianOil For You IndianOil for Households PNG Domestic Emergency contact: 1800-180-7788 customercare@indianoilcgd. com quick pay PNG Domestic Piped Natural Gas (PNG) is natural gas - mainly Methane and supplied through mild steel (MS) and polyethylene (PE) pipes to cater to the natural gas demand of customers in various segments like Domestic / Commercial & Non - Commercial / Industrial. Natural Gas supplied through piped connections to households is called Domestic PNG. This eco-friendly and inexpensive facility will not only eliminates the hassles associated with conventional fuels but also helps to conserve the environment. Piped Natural Gas (PNG) is the preferred fuel these days primarily because of its multiple benefits. Uses Piped Natural Gas has many applications Cooking in homes, Hotels and Restaurants Water Heating in Hospitals / Nursing homes Flight kitchens Properties of PNG Clear, Colourless and Odourless liquid with High-Energy Density Non-toxic, non-corrosive and non-carcinogenic High Purity Methane as in process of liquefaction, most impurities are filtered out Advantages Convenience & Comfort You only pay for the gas you use, as you use it, and it’s always there when you need it. No need to worry about scheduling deliveries, running out of fuel or replacing gas cylinders. It provides a very comfortable, evenly distributed heat. Natural gas appliances minimize noise and odour, reducing any disturbances for your employees or clients. Economical Natural Gas is generally cheaper than liquid & other gaseous fuels. It can also be cost effective as compared to coal if heating processes are optimised properly. Versatile & Safe Natural Gas can be used in several functional ways, including hot water heating, cooking on gas ranges, heaters and fireplaces. It is being increasingly adopted by domestic customers all over India and natural gas continues to be one of the world’s safest, most reliable and popular sources of energy. Reliable & Competitive Not only is the supply of natural gas secure, but when the power goes off, natural gas customers still have options to heat their buildings. We also working hard to ensure to keep rates competitive with other energy sources so you can operate your business competitively. Environment Friendly Environment friendly- Natural Gas is one of the cleanest fuels. Combustion of Natural Gas releases very small amounts of SOx, NOx carbon dioxide, carbon mono oxide and reactive hydrocarbons. In fact, when natural gas burns out completely, it gives out carbon dioxide and water vapour. These are the very components that we exhale. PNG Network of IndianOil PNG -D Schemes Revised DPNG Schemes: applicable for both diaphragm & smart meters Particulars Scheme A5 Scheme B5 Upfront payment Application fee Nil Nil Administrative Charges (incl. 18% GST) (non-refundable) Nil Refundable Connection Security Deposit Nil Before Gas charging Refundable Payment Security Deposit After Commissioning Refundable Connection Security Deposit (to be collected as part of bi-monthly bill for 12 installments) NA Rs. 500/- per bill (i. e. , Rs. 250- per month) Till 2 Years Total PNG customer portal Domestic PNG Connection Request PNG price Districts RSP including VAT in Rs/SCM RSP excluding VAT in Rs/SCM RSP to be effective from Purnia 50. 56 50. 56 21. 04. 2025 Bhojpur 50. 40 50. 40 21. 04. 2025 Ashok Nagar 49. 04 43. 02 21. 04. 2025 Aurangabad 48. 17 48. 17 21. 04. 2025 Rohtas 48. 17 48. 17 21. 04. 2025 Bokaro 46. 03 46. 03 21. 04. 2025 Coimbatore 44. 43 42. 31 21. 04. 2025 Deoghar 45. 97 45. 97 21. 04. 2025 Guna 48. 57 42. 60 21. 04. 2025 Pedapalli 46. 70 44. 47 21. 04. 2025 Lakhisarai 47. 79 47. 79 21. 04. 2025 Munger 47. 79 47. 79 21. 04. 2025 Madurai 45. 57 43. 40 21. 04. 2025 Morena 47. 37 41. 55 21. 04. 2025 Saran 47. 21 47. 21 21. 04. 2025 Muzaffarpur 47. 21 47. 21 21. 04. 2025 Samastipur 47. 21 47. 21 21. 04. 2025 Rewa 47. 18 41. 39 21. 04. 2025 Salem 44. 67 42. 54 21. 04. 2025 Sheikhpura 49. 86 49. 86 21. 04. 2025 Sikar 45. 48 42. 31 21. 04. 2025 Vishakhapatnam 43. 71 41. 21 21. 04. 2025 Tuticorin 46. 86 44. 63 21. 04. 2025 Pay your PNG Bill Fraud alert Please DO NOT make any payment in cash or through any unauthorized UPI link. Payment has to be made ONLY upon receipt of SMS from IOCCGD for Demand Note. FAQs What is Piped Natural Gas (PNG)? PNG is mainly Methane - CH4 with a small percentage of other higher hydrocarbons. The ratio of Carbon to Hydrogen is least in Methane and hence it burns almost completely making it environment friendly. It is procured from the oil / gas wells and transported through a network of pipelines. What is the cost of getting a PNG connection? What is Security Deposit for PNG connection? “Security Deposit" refers to interest free refundable amount collected from the customer at the time of providing PNG connection towards the safe keeping of the equipments installed at the premises of the customer. Is the supply of PNG regular? Yes, the supply of PNG is continuous and regular. The pipeline distribution network is based on a positive gas pressure which is also looped for redundancy. Thus in normal conditions an un-interrupted supply at a constant pressure is assured. Do I have to surrender subsidized LPG connection after getting the PNG connection? Ideally the LPG cylinder needs to be surrendered so that the same can be used by the more needy of the society where PNG is unavailable. However, with LPG control order letter dated 09th January 2014 you can retain one LPG connection and the government oil companies shall provide the refill on non-subsidized rate. Will the supply be Un-interruptible? Yes How Safe is this installation? The entire installation will be done in accordance to Technical Specifications and Safety Standards(T4S) specified by Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB). Where will the Meter be installed? Gas Meters are normally located inside the property on a suitable wall. A conspicuous place in the Kitchen is the preferred location for the meter as this minimises the length of the outlet pipe. It should be installed in a well ventilated and accessible area so as to facilitate meter reading and periodic maintenance. Is there any statutory compliance or government approval required to get the Commercial natural gas connection? There is no requirement of statutory compliance or govt. approval to get commercial natural gas connection. Natural Gas is a clean and safe fuel hence GoI is promoting its use across sectors. Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) City Gas Distribution(CGD) Piped Natural Gas - Industrial / Commercial (PNG - I & C) PNG Customer Chatbot Skill says Hello, Welcome to IndianOil PNG! Skill says In case of any emergency or PNG leakage at your home dial '1800-180-7788' Skill says I can help you with the following today! Your profile Service request creation Service request status Bill details Complaint creation Complaint status FAQs Type a message 3 Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:44:25 | https://iocl.com/pages/cgd | 12.62 KB ===

Home About Us Our Business City Gas Distribution(CGD) Emergency contact: 1800-180-7788 customercare@indianoilcgd. com quick pay City Gas Distribution (CGD) IndianOil as The Energy of India, with its commitment to provide cleaner and greener energy solutions is now fast expanding in the City Gas Distribution business by expanding its Natural Gas infrastructure across India. After PNGRB’s 11 th Round of CGD bidding, IndianOil along with its 2 JVCs is now present in 49 Geographical Areas (GAs) in 105 Districts across 21 States and UTs, making it one of the most significant CGD players in the country. On standalone basis, IndianOil now has a presence in 26 GAs and 75 Districts spread across 11 states & UT. City Gas Distribution (CGD) networks are an interconnected system of underground Natural Gas pipelines for supplying Piped Natural Gas (PNG) and Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) to domestic-commercial and industrial customers. CGD networks are also used to supply Natural Gas to retail outlets situated in a specified city or district, where it is further compressed before filling into vehicles as Compressed Natural Gas (CNG). IndianOil with its country-wide marketing network is now proactively expanding its natural gas infrastructure. This creation of Natural Gas ecosystem is in sync with Govt of India’s thrust on promoting a gas based economy which will reduce environmental pollution and as a cost effective fuel will also act as a catalyst for overall economic development. Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) Piped Natural Gas - Industrial / Commercial (PNG - I & C) Piped Natural Gas- Domestic (PNG-D) Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:45:03 | https://iocl.com/Pipeline | 13.68 KB ===

Pipeline Consultancy: indianOil Home Consultancy Pipeline Pipeline Pipeline Consultancy In India’s infrastructure, the petroleum pipelines form a crucial part enabling sustained availability of petroleum products in all parts of the country for economic growth. The pipelines transport petroleum products from refineries to demand areas and crude oil from import terminals as well as domestic sources to the inland refineries. India being a vast country, a wide network of pipelines becomes the paramount requirement of transporting petroleum products to interiors from refineries and crude oil to the land locked refineries. It is an established fact that pipelines are preferred as a cost effective, energy efficient, safe and environment friendly method of transportation for petroleum products and crude oil and are playing a leading role in meeting the demand for petroleum products in India. Economic growth and expansion of infrastructure in India offer opportunities to better utilize the existing pipeline network in addition to expand by constructing new pipelines. IndianOil, the pioneer in cross-country petroleum product pipeline in the Indian sub-continent constructed and commissioned its first petroleum product pipeline, Guwahati-Siliguri Pipeline in the year 1964. Since then IndianOil has mastered the art and technology of pipeline engineering. Over the last four decades the pipeline network of IndianOil has grown over 14, 600 km. IndianOil’s sustained pursuit and implementation of proven safety and environmental management systems have brought rich results. All operating pipeline units have been accredited with ISO 9000 and ISO 14001 certificates. Various initiatives in the field of project management, operations and maintenance including training in countries like Oman, Ethiopia, Kuwait and Sudan have been undertaken. Today IndianOil is well placed to provide seamless services in the entire spectrum of petroleum pipelines covering techno-economic feasibility studies, design and detailed engineering, project execution, operations and maintenance, consultancy services in augmentation and modernization, etc. Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) and application software expertise are available from project implementation to commissioning including field services, maintenance and operational support. Tanker handling, petroleum product and crude oil accounting, quality control, ocean loss control, pigging procedure development and analysis of pigging data, selection, testing and evaluation of drag reducers, operations and maintenance of tank farm and pump stations are other areas of expertise available with IndianOil’s Pipelines Division. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:45:03 | https://iocl.com/pages/ButylAcrylate | 12.17 KB ===

Home IndianOil For You IndianOil for Businesses Petrochemicals Butyl Acrylate Butyl Acrylate IndianOil’s first-ever Butyl Acrylate Plant is scheduled for commissioning in July 2025 at the Gujarat Refinery Complex, located at Dumad (Vadodara). This marks a significant step towards forward integration in the chemical sector. The Butyl Acrylate Plant will have an annual production capacity of 150 KTA and is based on proven technology from Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation. Butyl Acrylate is produced through the esterification of acrylic acid and n-butanol. Additionally, the process will yield 3 KTA of iso-butanol as a co-product. The Butyl Acrylate produced at the Gujarat plant will be characterized by superior purity and consistent quality, making it suitable for a wide range of industrial applications. Butyl Acrylate (BA), with the chemical formula C₇H₁₂O₂, is a commonly used monomer in polymer synthesis. It is a flammable, colourless liquid with a fruity odour. BA is widely used in paints, coatings, adhesives, leather, and textile industries, as well as in the paper & pulp industry, sealants, and various other applications. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:45:03 | https://iocl.com/pages/AVGAS | 12.57 KB ===

AVGAS Home AVGAS 100 LL IndianOil - First in India to produce and market AVGAS 100 LL Aviation Gasoline grade AVGAS 100 LL is designed for use in turbo-charged reciprocating piston engine aircraft, mainly used by FTOs (Flying Training Organisation) and defence forces for training pilots. AVGAS 100 LL, produced for the first time in India by IndianOil's flagship refinery at Vadodara, has been tested and certified by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), the statutory body of the Government of India to regulate civil aviation in India. It is a higher-octane Aviation fuel meeting the product specifications with superior performance quality standards as compared to imported grades. The indigenous availability of AVGAS 100 LL will help reduce dependence on imports and address the associated logistical challenges. The country will be able to save precious foreign exchange with the in-house availability of this product. Before this launch, AVGAS 100 LL was a completely imported product. The domestic production of AVGAS 100 LL produced by IndianOil at its Gujarat Refinery will make flying training more affordable in India. This will also benefit more than 35 FTOs across India. Given India's continuously rising aviation traffic, the requirement for trained Pilots is expected to increase. With the domestic availability of this product, the Ministry of Civil Aviation is considering opening more training institutes in the country. Click here for Press Release on IndianOil's AVGAS 100 LL launch Click here for IndianOil's AVGAS 100 LL Brochure Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:45:10 | https://iocl.com/pages/Application-for-New-CGD-Customer-connectivity | 12.95 KB ===

Home IndianOil for You IndianOil for Businesses Natural Gas Application for New CGD Customer connectivity Application for New CGD Customer connectivity IOCL has presence of its natural gas pipeline network expended in the states of U. P. , Haryana, Gujrat, TamilNadu, Karnataka & Andhra Pradesh. IOCL has been authorized (DPPL & ETBPNMTPL) about 1600 Kms of Common/Contract Carrier natural gas pipeline network, connecting multiple gas sources to various customers. Dadri-Panipat Natural Gas Pipeline (DPPL): Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) owns and operates 132 km long DPPL. This pipeline is interconnected with GAIL’s Hazira-Vijaipur-Jagdishpur Pipeline (HVJPL) / Dahej-Vijaipur Pipeline (DVPL) network at Dadri. The pipeline was commissioned in 2010 as a Common Carrier pipeline for transporting natural gas from HVJPL/DVPL network to IOCL’s Panipat Refinery (PR) and Panipat Naphtha Cracker Plant (PNCP) at Panipat and other customers’ enroute pipeline in Uttar Pradesh and Haryana. Presently, the authorized capacity of DPPL is 9. 5 Million Standard Cubic Metres per Day (MMSCMD) including 2. 375 MMSCMD as Common Carrier capacity. Ennore-Thiruvallur-Bengaluru-Puducherry-Nagapattinam-Madurai-Tuticorin (ETBPNMTPL): IndianOil has been authorized ETBPNMT Natural Gas Pipeline having capacity of pipeline is 84. 67 MMSCMD & Length of approximately 1400 Km. The pipeline runs from Ennore to Madurai, Trichy and Tuticorin in Tamil Nadu and branches out to Bengaluru in Karnataka. The Pipeline sources natural Gas from LNG terminal at Ennore and Ramnad Gas filed of ONGC. Enroute CGD Entities interested to avail connectivity for their GA with DPPL or ETBPNMTPL natural gas pipeline systems of IOCL, may provide details in the format “Application for New CGD Customer connectivity”. Alok Nath Pathak DGM (PJ-Gas), IndianOil IndianOil Bhawan, Pipelines Head Office Noida, Sector-1, U. P. -201301 +91 1202448407 pathakan@indianoil. in Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 13:45:22 | https://iocl.com/prices-of-petroleum-products | 12.92 KB ===

Petroleum Products Prices | Kerosene | Auto Gas | ATF Price Home IndianOil for Media Prices of Petroleum Products Product Prices Kerosene Subsidised Kerosene Prices in Metros (Rs. /litre) Applicable from October 1, 2025 Metros Prices Delhi Declared as Kerosene-free city Kolkata 61. 99 Mumbai 59. 06 Chennai 15. 00 *Please note - Above prices are based on the notifications issued by the respective State/District Authorities. Effective 01. 08. 2024, for Kolkata, price specified in the notification considering Agent charged GST and Dealer charged excluding GST is provided. Previous Prices Kerosene Non-PDS Prices in Metros (Rs. /KL) Applicable from November 1, 2025 Metros Prices Delhi 87, 499. 07 Kolkata 91, 942. 33 Mumbai 90, 222. 80 Chennai 92, 382. 20 Previous Prices AutoGas AutoGas Prices in Metros (Rs. /Litre) Applicable from July 1, 2025 Metros Prices Delhi 62. 34 Kolkata 54. 79 Mumbai 63. 34 Chennai 56. 32 Previous Prices ATF ATF Prices in Metros (Rupees/Kl) for Domestic Airlines Applicable from November 1, 2025 Metros Prices Delhi 94, 543. 02 Kolkata 97, 549. 18 Mumbai 88, 447. 87 Chennai 98, 089. 68 ATF Prices in Metros (Dollars/Kl) for Domestic Airlines on International Run Applicable from November 1, 2025 Metros Prices Delhi 817. 01 Kolkata 855. 63 Mumbai 816. 80 Chennai 812. 36 Indane Non-Subsidised Prices of Indane in Metros(Rs. /14. 2 kg cylinder) Applicable from April 8, 2025 Metros Prices Delhi 853. 00 Kolkata 879. 00 Mumbai 852. 50 Chennai 868. 50 Previous Prices For Prices (Rs. /14. 2 kg cylinder) in other cities click here Prices of Indane in Metros (Rs. /19 kg cylinder) Applicable from November 1, 2025 Metros Prices Delhi 1590. 50 Kolkata 1694. 00 Mumbai 1542. 00 Chennai 1750. 00 Previous Prices For Prices (Rs. /19 kg cylinder) in other cities click here Click here to login on to our Integrated Institutional Business Portal for further details on Bitumen, Emulsion and CRMB/MT. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 14:24:31 | https://iocl.com/pages/NetZeroone | 18.94 KB ===

Home Net Zero IndianOil to go Net Zero by 2046 IndianOil has resolved to achieve net-zero operational emissions by the year 2046. IndianOil’s decarbonisation plans encompass both Scope 1 & 2 emissions. Chairman, IndianOil, made the announcement during the Company’s 63rd Annual General Meeting, held on 25th August, 2022. The year 2046 coincides with India completing 99 years of independence and the celebration of its 100th Independence Day. This historic declaration by the country’s energy major, aligns with India's net zero commitment by 2070 announced as part of the Panchamrit goals by the Hon'ble Prime Minister at the COP-26 Summit last year. The Way Forward Emission Profile of IndianOil IndianOil’s current GHG emission stands around 21. 5 million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (MMTCO2e). The emissions including that of CPCL is ~ 24 MMTCO2e. The reported figures pertain to emissions from operations. The GHGs accounted by the company are CO2 (98. 5%), CH4 (0. 5%) and N2O (1%). Out of the above, Scope-1 emission constitute 96% of the emissions while the remaining 4% are on account of Scope-2 emissions. About 97% of the emissions are due to refineries and petrochemicals operations while about 2% are on account of Pipeline operations and balance about 1% are from Marketing operations. With proposed expansions, the emissions are expected to be over 40 MMTCO2e by the end of this decade. Our Approach IndianOil has a dual role of meeting the national energy needs and also to fulfill its role as a responsible global citizen. We are committed to both these objectives and are embarking upon the transition towards a greener future. The company continues its existing emission mitigation efforts towards lowering operational emissions, offering greener products and mitigating supply chain emissions. Going forward, you would see our commitments grow to meet our net zero aspirations. The 7 Focus Areas 1. Achieve net zero operational emissions IndianOil has been undertaking efforts to improve its operations, reduce the environmental impact of products and enhance supply chain performance. The Company engages with subject matter experts, undertakes audits and in-house R&D, and pursues partnerships to accelerate progress toward its stated goals. 2. Meeting electricity requirements of expansion projects through renewable energy IndianOil is cognizant that any future expansions will result in emission growth, and it is imperative to mitigate the same from a net zero perspective. In pursuit of this target, IndianOil plans to meet the electricity needs of its refinery expansion projects using renewable power 3. Increase the proportion of greener fuels in the product mix IndianOil’s products form the backbone of India’s fuel needs. The Company meets the fuel needs of around 3 crore customers every day, across the length and breadth of India. With emissions from energy consumption contributing to nearly 75% of global emissions, there has been a proactive effort to offer greener products like SERVO Raftaar, Xtra Tej, XP95, Xtragreen, IndiGreen etc. As a responsible corporate, IndianOil is transitioning into an Integrated Energy Solutions Company to make India energy secure while reducing its carbon footprint. 4. Invest in low carbon energy technology and undertake partnerships IndianOil has taken initiatives which it plans to scale up through partnerships and R&D to develop low carbon technologies like green hydrogen, CCUS, alternate energy, EV and start-up tech solutions. 5. Engagement with value chain partners to reduce emissions across the current network IndianOil believes responsible business practices must be adopted across its value chain to deliver on its promise of crafting a greener future for all. The Company is committed to bringing greater efficiencies and greening of the value chain. 6. Bring greater linkages between employee skills & company climate goals IndianOil understands that achieving net zero would require business transformation and mobilising human resources at a significant scale. To achieve the target of net zero, IndianOil is undertaking measures such as trainings, technology exposure, cross-functional team building etc. , to have necessary systems in place to achieve the target. 7. Establish IndianOil as a leader in environment sustainability As a leader in the energy and fuels business in the country, IndianOil views sustainable business practices as a defining element of competitiveness to maintain its status, equity and standing, both in the market and in society. The Company is developing competencies and necessary experience in the arena of environmental sustainability, necessary to maintain leadership in the changing business environment. Pathways to Net Zero ENCON Measures Increasing Boiler / Furnace efficiency Shifting from Fuel Oil, Gas Oil & Naphtha to Natural Gas Maximizing Grid Power import Moving Towards Green Hydrogen Resid Upgradation Bitumen Maximization Carbon Capture Utilisation & Storage Renewable Energy Natural Gas to Compressed Biogas Tree Plantation Purchase of Carbon Credits Ongoing Emission Mitigation Efforts Working responsibly, the company has successfully avoided/mitigated 3. 36 MMT carbon emissions during FY2021-22. With regard to fuel related developments, the company is guided by various national commitments / targets. For other environmental aspects, the company is adhering to various national environmental norms. Some of the key targets which contribute significantly to the nation’s environmental aspirations are highlighted below: Improving Petroleum Products: Currently, Ethanol blending in petrol of about 10% has been achieved. The company is working towards 20% ethanol blended Petrol in line with government mandate Ensuring availability of cleaner Natural Gas / Compressed biogas: IndianOil is augmenting infrastructure for increasing sale of Natural Gas. The company aims to be a significant contributor towards achieving the national goal of increasing the share of natural gas in India’s energy mix to 15% by 2030. IndianOil is spearheading the GoIs SATAT scheme which targets 15 MMTPA CBG production and sale of Compressed Biogas (CBG) across the country. Establishing Footprint in Electricity Business: IndianOil’s current RE portfolio is 237. 77 MW which includes 167. 6 MW of Wind capacity and 70. 1 MW of Solar capacity. Currently, ~150 MW of IndianOil’s RE projects supply power to the national grid. The company is targeting to increase its RE portfolio to GW scale towards meeting its net zero commitments and as a business diversification effort. IndianOil has installed ~1900 EV charging stations and targets to install 10, 000 EV charging stations in next three years. Restoring the environment: IndianOil is maintaining a healthy green belt of 40 lakh trees within & beyond its operational units and undertakes many environment conservation projects outside its locations. The company is supporting measures towards conserving rhinoceros population. The company has adopted one-horned rhinos in zoological parks in various states of the country where we are providing funds towards care and upkeep of these majestic species. As a corporation we are also playing a leading role in the relocation of Cheetah back in India. The Company will be contributing ~ Rs. 50 crore over the next five years towards Project Cheetah, being taken up under the aegis of the National Tiger Conservation Authority. 8 Cheetahs have already been flown in from Namibia and introduced at the Kuno National Park, Madhya Pradesh. Nature-based solution is also a key area identified by the company in achieving net zero emissions. Greener Supply Chain: IndianOil has a pipeline network of over 15, 000 km length. Pipelines result in 75% less emissions as compared to rail transport. The mode is being promoted over road / rail transport. IndianOil has set up solar power units in 20, 000+ retail outlets (~57%). These units have a total capacity of 111. 5 MW. IndianOil Press Release on Announcement of Net Zero Goals Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


=== 2025-11-07 14:26:01 | https://iocl.com/indianoil-overseas | 11.09 KB ===

About us - IndianOil | Oil and Gas Company in India Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!




# --- https://www.iocl.com ---
IndianOil | The Energy of India | Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndianOil - Energy of India -646 days 13 hours 27 min 28 sec IndianOil Welcomes You What's New 'Terms & Conditions' of Servo Bike Dhamaka campaign Revised SKO Non PDS Prices Revised Petrol and Diesel Build-up Price Revised LPG Metro RSP Prices Revised ATF Metro Prices Performance of IndianOil for H1 2025-26 (Standalone) Engagement of Retainer Doctor at WRPL, Mundra Engagement of Retainer Doctor at WRPL Viramgam Expression of Interest for Selection of Bitumen Business Development Associates (BDA) under Delhi & Haryana State Office Engagement of Apprentices in Pipelines Division – 2025 (2) Engaging one chief security officer for pipelines in Eastern Region Pipelines (ERPL), West Bengal Recruitment of Assistant Quality Control Officers-2025 Recruitment of Diploma Engineers (Grade – E0) as Junior Engineers in Indian Oil Corporation Limited Through Computer Based Test (CBT) - 2025 Recruitment Of Engineers/Officers (Grade - A) in Indian Oil Corporation Limited through Computer Based Test (CBT) - 2025 Discover More Motorist Households Business Partners Careers Businesses Society Media Environment Investors Our Business Choose Business Here Refining Pipelines Research & Development Marketing Petrochemicals Natural Gas E&P Explosives Cryogenics Most Popular IndianOil's Green Agenda Heath, Safety & Environment: The three pillars to ensure safe communities and happy stakeholders. HS&E Overview Indian Oil Corporation is committed to conduct business with strong environment. Green Fuel Alternatives In recent times, there has been a marked shift from use of conventional fossil fuels. IndianOil Overseas Lanka IOC PLC IndianOil's subsidiary in Sri Lanka is ranked no. 1 among the island nation's leading companies IndianOil (Mauritius) IndianOil (Mauritius) Ltd. (IOML) is the third largest petroleum company in Mauritius IOC Middle East FZE IOC Middle East FZE is IndianOil's subsidiary, overseeing business expansion in the Middle East, Africa and CIS countries × View More Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layo


##### IndianOil | The Energy of India | Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. — https://www.iocl.com
IndianOil | The Energy of India | Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndianOil - Energy of India -646 days 13 hours 27 min 28 sec IndianOil Welcomes You What's New 'Terms & Conditions' of Servo Bike Dhamaka campaign Revised SKO Non PDS Prices Revised Petrol and Diesel Build-up Price Revised LPG Metro RSP Prices Revised ATF Metro Prices Performance of IndianOil for H1 2025-26 (Standalone) Engagement of Retainer Doctor at WRPL, Mundra Engagement of Retainer Doctor at WRPL Viramgam Expression of Interest for Selection of Bitumen Business Development Associates (BDA) under Delhi & Haryana State Office Engagement of Apprentices in Pipelines Division – 2025 (2) Engaging one chief security officer for pipelines in Eastern Region Pipelines (ERPL), West Bengal Recruitment of Assistant Quality Control Officers-2025 Recruitment of Diploma Engineers (Grade – E0) as Junior Engineers in Indian Oil Corporation Limited Through Computer Based Test (CBT) - 2025 Recruitment Of Engineers/Officers (Grade - A) in Indian Oil Corporation Limited through Computer Based Test (CBT) - 2025 Discover More Motorist Households Business Partners Careers Businesses Society Media Environment Investors Our Business Choose Business Here Refining Pipelines Research & Development Marketing Petrochemicals Natural Gas E&P Explosives Cryogenics Most Popular IndianOil's Green Agenda Heath, Safety & Environment: The three pillars to ensure safe communities and happy stakeholders. HS&E Overview Indian Oil Corporation is committed to conduct business with strong environment. Green Fuel Alternatives In recent times, there has been a marked shift from use of conventional fossil fuels. IndianOil Overseas Lanka IOC PLC IndianOil's subsidiary in Sri Lanka is ranked no. 1 among the island nation's leading companies IndianOil (Mauritius) IndianOil (Mauritius) Ltd. (IOML) is the third largest petroleum company in Mauritius IOC Middle East FZE IOC Middle East FZE is IndianOil's subsidiary, overseeing business expansion in the Middle East, Africa and CIS countries × View More Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!=== 2025-11-12 05:08:29 | https://www.iocl.com | 13.05 KB ===

IndianOil | The Energy of India | Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndianOil - Energy of India -646 days 13 hours 27 min 28 sec IndianOil Welcomes You What's New 'Terms & Conditions' of Servo Bike Dhamaka campaign Revised SKO Non PDS Prices Revised Petrol and Diesel Build-up Price Revised LPG Metro RSP Prices Revised ATF Metro Prices Performance of IndianOil for H1 2025-26 (Standalone) Engagement of Retainer Doctor at WRPL, Mundra Engagement of Retainer Doctor at WRPL Viramgam Expression of Interest for Selection of Bitumen Business Development Associates (BDA) under Delhi & Haryana State Office Engagement of Apprentices in Pipelines Division – 2025 (2) Engaging one chief security officer for pipelines in Eastern Region Pipelines (ERPL), West Bengal Recruitment of Assistant Quality Control Officers-2025 Recruitment of Diploma Engineers (Grade – E0) as Junior Engineers in Indian Oil Corporation Limited Through Computer Based Test (CBT) - 2025 Recruitment Of Engineers/Officers (Grade - A) in Indian Oil Corporation Limited through Computer Based Test (CBT) - 2025 Discover More Motorist Households Business Partners Careers Businesses Society Media Environment Investors Our Business Choose Business Here Refining Pipelines Research & Development Marketing Petrochemicals Natural Gas E&P Explosives Cryogenics Most Popular IndianOil's Green Agenda Heath, Safety & Environment: The three pillars to ensure safe communities and happy stakeholders. HS&E Overview Indian Oil Corporation is committed to conduct business with strong environment. Green Fuel Alternatives In recent times, there has been a marked shift from use of conventional fossil fuels. IndianOil Overseas Lanka IOC PLC IndianOil's subsidiary in Sri Lanka is ranked no. 1 among the island nation's leading companies IndianOil (Mauritius) IndianOil (Mauritius) Ltd. (IOML) is the third largest petroleum company in Mauritius IOC Middle East FZE IOC Middle East FZE is IndianOil's subsidiary, overseeing business expansion in the Middle East, Africa and CIS countries × View More Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. Hyperlinking Policy × Links to external websites/portals At many places in this website, you shall find links to other websites/portals. The links have been placed for your convenience. IndianOil is not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages. When you select a link to an external website, you shall be leaving IndianOil's website and shall be subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website(s). Links to IndianOil Website from other websites Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www. iocl. com. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site. The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term IndianOil shall refer to Indian Oil Corporation Limited. The term Site refers to www. iocl. com owned and monitored by IndianOil. IndianOil may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. IndianOil may monitor access to the Site. IndianOil does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site. The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IndianOil expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. IndianOil shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site. IndianOil may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. IndianOil reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site. In no event will IndianOil be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use IndianOil's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User. User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold IndianOil harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site. The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. IndianOil disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. IndianOil makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable. The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to IndianOil. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. IndianOil reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × GRIEVANCE OFFICER In accordance with the Indian Information Technology Act 2000 and the rules notified thereunder, the contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below: Sh. Abhinav Bhatt, Corporate Business Technology Centre, Indian Oil Institute of Petroleum Management Campus, Plot No. 83, Institutional Area, Sector 18, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001 Email: data-grievance[at]indianoil[dot]in Phone: 0124-2861509 Click here Click here The Policy is subject to modifications from time to time. If IOCL decides to change this Policy, IOCL shall publish the modified Policy on its website. × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting! × Prohibition of Design and Layout Replication We kindly remind our users, visitors, and third parties that replicating, copying, or imitating our website’s design, layout, or any distinctive features without explicit authorization is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Replicating the visual design or layout of our webpages. Copying or mimicking our unique combination of colors, fonts, graphical elements, or navigational elements. Reproducing our website’s structure, organization, or presentation. Using any automated tools, software, or manual methods to replicate or copy any aspect of our website’s design or layout Conclusion Thank you for visiting!


