=== 2025-11-05 17:05:11 | https://www.ipieca.org/ | 8.13 KB ===

Ipieca | Advancing environmental and social performance across the energy transition Skip to content The global oil and gas association for advancing environmental and social performance across the energy transition Download Good Practice Explore our work Explore the eight Ipieca Principles Learn more Ipieca brings together members and stakeholders to lead in integrating sustainability by advancing climate action, environmental responsibility and social performance across oil, gas and renewables activities. Ipieca was founded at the request of the United Nations Environment Programme in 1974. Through its non-lobby and collaborative approach Ipieca remains the industry's principal channel of engagement with the UN. Find out more about us Climate Find out more Nature Find out more People Find out more Sustainability Find out more Ipieca's 2025-2028 strategy Accelerating industry contribution to a sustainable world through action underpinned by collaboration and shared understanding across the UN, business, finance and civil society. Find out more Latest resources Ipieca resources support oil, gas and alternative energy industry practitioners to advance performance across climate, nature, people and sustainability. Explore our resources Supporting CCS uptake in the energy transition 28 October 2025 View Co-use opportunities in wind and solar energy projects 8 October 2025 View Regional webinars for Latin America: introduction to sustainability reporting 3 October 2025 View Marine net positive impact concepts and approaches: literature review 30 September 2025 View Source control emergency response planning guide for subsea wells 11 September 2025 View Latin America regional webinar series on methane 5 September 2025 View Approaches to estimating financial impacts of climate change 4 September 2025 View Social acceptance of carbon capture and storage 29 August 2025 View Supporting CCS uptake in the energy transition 28 October 2025 View Co-use opportunities in wind and solar energy projects 8 October 2025 View Regional webinars for Latin America: introduction to sustainability reporting 3 October 2025 View Marine net positive impact concepts and approaches: literature review 30 September 2025 View Source control emergency response planning guide for subsea wells 11 September 2025 View Latin America regional webinar series on methane 5 September 2025 View Approaches to estimating financial impacts of climate change 4 September 2025 View Social acceptance of carbon capture and storage 29 August 2025 View Ipieca members View all members Explore the Ipieca Principles Our global membership is formed of companies and associations from across the oil, gas and alternative energy industry. As industry sustainability leaders, members agree to support the Ipieca Principles for climate, nature, people and sustainability, which provide a shared ambition for advancing a sustainable energy transition. Latest news and insights View all news Ipieca and IUCN renew partnership to advance environmental performance and support the energy transition 5 November 2025 At the IUCN World Conservation Congress 2025 in Abu Dhabi, Ipieca and IUCN renewed their partnership through the signing of a new memorandum of understanding (MoU) that will guide collaboration between the two organisations through 2030. Find out more Sustainability article round-up: October 2025 30 October 2025 The October round-up showcases the industry’s innovation—from the industrial production of renewable gas to splitting methane into its valuable components. We also highlight partnership as a backbone of progress across CCS, flare reduction, energy transition, circular economy, and regional outreach. Find out more Ipieca insights from the IUCN World Conservation Congress 29 October 2025 The IUCN World Conservation Congress is the world's largest conservation gathering. The 2025 edition brought together over 10, 000 nature conservation experts, leaders and decision-makers from around the world in Abu Dhabi from 9 to 15 October. Find out more Ipieca publishes fact sheet on supporting CCS uptake in the energy transition 28 October 2025 The fact sheet highlights the role of carbon capture and storage (CCS) in the energy transition, how the oil and gas industry can support uptake of CCS technologies, case studies from Ipieca members, and looks ahead to how Ipieca will support future progress. Find out more Ipieca insights from UNECE Sustainable Energy Week 2025 24 October 2025 This year’s Sustainable Energy Week brought together a diverse community of experts, policymakers and other stakeholders to collaboratively chart the course for developing resilient energy systems in pursuit of a fair energy transition. Find out more Ipieca CEO Brian Sullivan reflects on progress made during Q3 2025 9 October 2025 Collaboration was central to our activities this quarter, including publishing a joint IUCN-Ipieca guidance on co-use opportunities in wind and solar, signing a Memorandum of Cooperation with the ASEAN Council on Petroleum and Energy, and co-hosting a series of webinars with other industry associations, which reached over 2, 600 participants. Find out more Ipieca and IUCN launch co-use opportunities in wind and solar energy projects 9 October 2025 Ipieca, in collaboration with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), is launching a new compendium to explore co-use opportunities in solar and wind energy projects to serve as a practical resource for energy sector professionals. Find out more Ipieca and the ASEAN Council on Petroleum and Energy sign energy transition MoC 7 October 2025 Memorandum of cooperation will support the region’s contribution to a sustainable energy transition. Find out more Key milestones Learn more about Ipieca's history 2021 Ipieca’s Alternative Energy Task Force was established in 2021 2021 Marked the global end of leaded petrol use, facilitated by the UNEP PCFV of which Ipieca is a founding member 1995 Since 1995 Ipieca has attended every single climate COP, including the inaugural event held in Berlin 300+ Good practice guidance produced across climate, nature, people and sustainability 2022 Ipieca Principles introduced in 2022, setting sustainability expectations for members E-mail alerts First Name Surname Email Address Organization Organization type (Select) Energy Industry Other Business, Association IGO, UN Financial Institution Government Academic, Research Consultancy Media NGO, Think tank Topic of interest Climate Climate change Fuels and products Nature Environment (incl. BES + Water) People Social responsibility (incl. Human rights) Health Sustainability Reporting SDGs Supply chain Alternative energy Marine spill Marine spill preparedness and response Region (Select) North America Africa Middle East South America Europe Asia / Pacific I agree Download now Select your area of work (Select) Energy Industry Other Business, Association IGO, UN Financial Institution Government Academic, Research Consultancy Media NGO, Think tank Select your region (Select) North America Africa Middle East South America Europe Asia / Pacific Is your company a member of Ipieca? (Select) Yes No Download Thank you for downloading the Ipieca resource(s). If you wish to obtain hard copies, please contact info@ipieca. org. Click Accept all Use essential only. Click Set preferences Set preferences Use essential only Accept all Menu About us Our work Who we work with Our impact Resources News, insights and events Enter the members area Request access About us Our strategy Key milestones How we are organised Membership Ipieca Principles Our people FAQ Our work Climate Nature People Sustainability Marine spill Climate Exploring low-emissions pathways Emissions management Engaging with UNFCCC and IPCC Improving fuels and products Nature Environmental stewardship Protecting biodiversity Water management People Respecting human rights Working with local communities Just transition Responsible security Health and wellbeing Sustainability Sustainability reporting Supporting the SDGs Sustainable supply chains Alternative energy Marine spill Dispersants Marine spill response resources The Global Initiative Technical stewardship Our impact Member action News, insights and events News and insights Events




# --- https://www.ipieca.org/resources/social-acceptance-ccs ---
Social acceptance of carbon capture and storage | Ipieca Skip to content Social acceptance of carbon capture and storage Watch the recording Home Resources Social acceptance of carbon capture and storage 29 August 2025 In collaboration with: Carbon capture and storage (CCS) is one of the key technologies that could enable a low-carbon energy transition. Some large-scale CCS projects are a reality today. However, scaling up the deployment of CCS by a factor of more than a hundred-fold could be required over the course of this century, with a significant proportion needed before mid-century. Social acceptance is crucial for the successful deployment of CCS technologies. Public perception, influenced by factors like perceived risks, benefits, and trust in stakeholders, significantly impacts the willingness of communities to support CCS projects. Understanding and addressing these social factors is essential for overcoming barriers to large-scale CCS deployment. The webinar offers a range of perspectives around the social acceptance of CCS, including but not limited to topics such as perceived risk, partnership cooperation, policy support and stakeholder engagement. Speakers: Laurent Jammes, CEO at HEIOS HOLDING Jasmin Sharzad, Chief Advisor, Danish Ministry of Climate, Energy and Utilities (research and subsurface section) Marino Varricchio, Policy Analyst at the European Roundtable on Climate Change and Sustainable Transition (ERCST) Moderated by Shannon Gray, Product Development Engineer at 1PointFive and Ipieca’s CCS Task Force Co-chair. This webinar is part of a series on CCS hosted by SPE Gaia and SPE CCUS Technical Section, IOGP, OGCI and Ipieca, sharing knowledge and good practice around the scaling up of this technology, including key issues, environmental responsibility, financial incentives, and liability concerns. Climate Webinar CCS Share this resource Email Related resources View all related resources Making CCS fly: Ipieca workshop summary 1 November 2016 Ipieca held a workshop - Making CCS fly - that brought together more than 50 participants from across the oil and gas sector and expert communities to discuss the role, barriers and opportunities presented by CCS. Climate Workshop View Carbon Capture and Storage: A key technology for delivering a low-emissions world (The Paris Puzzle) 1 June 2015 Carbon capture and storage: A key technology for delivering a low-emissions world is one piece of the Paris Puzzle. . . Climate Fact sheet View Making the case for carbon capture and storage 21 January 2019 This new fact sheet explores the scale-up and deployment of CCS in more detail and presents a series of facts about the necessary development of this technology. Climate Fact sheet View Latin America regional webinar series on methane 5 September 2025 Ipieca, in partnership with Arpel, ACP and AMEXHI, and supported by IOGP and OGDC, held a series of three webinars for the Latin American region focused on methane emissions. Climate Webinar View E-mail alerts First Name Surname Email Address Organization Organization type (Select) Energy Industry Other Business, Association IGO, UN Financial Institution Government Academic, Research Consultancy Media NGO, Think tank Topic of interest Climate Climate change Fuels and products Nature Environment (incl. BES + Water) People Social responsibility (incl. Human rights) Health Sustainability Reporting SDGs Supply chain Alternative energy Marine spill Marine spill preparedness and response Region (Select) North America Africa Middle East South America Europe Asia / Pacific I agree Download now Select your area of work (Select) Energy Industry Other Business, Association IGO, UN Financial Institution Government Academic, Research Consultancy Media NGO, Think tank Select your region (Select) North America Africa Middle East South America Europe Asia / Pacific Is your company a member of Ipieca? (Select) Yes No Download Thank you for downloading the Ipieca resource(s). If you wish to obtain hard copies, please contact info@ipieca. org. Menu About us Our work Who we work with Our impact Resources News, insights and events Enter the members area Request access About us Our strategy Key milestones How we are organised Membership Ipieca Principles Our people FAQ Our work Climate Nature People Sustainability Marine spill Climate Exploring low-emissions pathways Emissions management Engaging with UNFCCC and IPCC Improving fuels and products Nature Environmental stewardship Protecting biodiversity Water management People Respecting human rights Working with local communities Just transition Responsible security Health and wellbeing Sustainability Sustainability reporting Supporting the SDGs Sustainable supply chains Alternative energy Marine spill Dispersants Marine spill response resources The Global Initiative Technical stewardship Our impact Member action News, insights and events News and insights Events We utilise analytics tools to measure how you use the website, enabling us to enhance it based on user needs. They always need to be on. Confirm preferences Accept all
