=== 2025-11-05 17:03:51 | https://lowcarbon.exxonmobil.com/ | 4.41 KB ===

Low Carbon Solutions Skip to content close Search Search ExxonMobil Low Carbon Solutions: Leadership for a lower-carbon future Few challenges are more important than meeting the world’s growing demand for energy and products that support modern life, while reducing environmental impacts. It’s challenges like this that ExxonMobil Low Carbon Solutions was created to help solve. We’re identifying and delivering high-impact projects for customers across industries, including manufacturing, power and transportation, that can help decarbonize the world around us. Our role in the energy transition is to leverage the scope and expertise of ExxonMobil, focusing on carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, and Mobil™ Lithium to deliver tailored solutions for our customers. The importance of industry Left Arrow Right arrow Industry is essential for modern life. It produces electricity to power homes and workplaces. It provides fuels and lubricants for transportation, cement and steel for construction and the building blocks for products we use every day, ranging from medical supplies to electronics to food packaging. While all necessary, these energy-intensive industrial processes all generate CO 2 emissions. Reducing these emissions is a challenge that requires sophisticated solutions. And not every solution will work at every unique facility. ExxonMobil Low Carbon Solutions can provide customers in the manufacturing, transportation and power generation industries with a range of options to tackle the challenge of reducing emissions in their operations. Our proven experience and expertise will ensure compliance-ready results, using efficient and cost-effective solutions. Manufacturing There are a number of carbon reduction pathways available to customers in the manufacturing sector. Whatever your choice, be it carbon capture and storage, or fuel-switching to lower carbon hydrogen, we can deliver innovative solutions at scale with minimal disruption to your operations. Learn more about how we're helping lower manufacturing emissions Power Reducing emissions in the power generation sector requires a complex set of solutions that not only work for today's operations but appreciate how power will be delivered in the future. We can help you implement large-scale solutions that enable you to keep the lights on for your consumers. Learn more about how we're helping lower power sector emissions Transportation Commercial transportation customers require a supplier who provides consistent quality at exact specifications for products that help reduce emissions like lithium, hydrogen and biodiesel. Leveraging learnings from our long-standing relationships in the transportation sector, the Low Carbon Solutions team is building on a legacy of expertise to provide you new solutions. Learn more about how we're helping lower transportation emissions Get in touch Contact a member of the Low Carbon Solutions team to explore the best options for your lower-carbon needs. Key topics in Low Carbon Solutions Our story We are focused on creating a lower-carbon future. About us Gastech Exhibition & Conference September 9-12, 2025 Low Carbon Solutions events 2025 Power Play Awards The Low Carbon Accelerator – Awarded to a woman who is making significant contributions by leveraging innovation and collaboration to accelerate society’s path to net zero. Low Carbon Solutions events Work with us Join a dynamic team and play a pivotal role in advancing solutions for a lower-emission future. Careers Latest news ExxonMobil Low Carbon Solutions is helping society accelerate the world’s path to net zero. Linkedin link opens in a new window 1 AtmosClear Selects ExxonMobil for CO 2 Transportation and Storage News and announcements Sept. 22, 2025 Marubeni and ExxonMobil’s low-carbon ammonia deal marks major step in unleashing new energy supply News and announcements May 7, 2025 Calpine, ExxonMobil sign CO 2 transportation and storage agreement for power generation project News and announcements April 23, 2025 ExxonMobil and Trammo sign HOA for low-carbon ammonia offtake, advancing the world’s largest low-carbon hydrogen project News and announcements Jan. 24, 2025 LG Chem and ExxonMobil sign MOU for lithium offtake News and announcements Nov. 20, 2024 Privacy preference center Privacy preference center Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


