

# --- https://www.mining-technology.com/analyst-comment/mining-sector-pivotal-saudi-arabia-economic-diversification-efforts/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click ---
Mining sector to play pivotal role in Saudi Arabia's economic diversification efforts - Mining Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Saudi Arabia has seen significant development since the launch of the ‘Vision 2030’ program in 2016, with the business environment being transformed and new sectors being created. The government has launched mega projects such as NEOM and the Red Sea, in line with its commitment to diversify the Kingdom’s economy away from its dependence on the oil sector. Saudi Arabia’s non-oil sector accounted for over 50% of GDP for the first time in 2023, with its share rising from 47. 4% in 2015 to 51. 7% that year. Non-oil activity recorded growth through 2023, with the Kingdom’s non-oil GDP (measured in 2018 chain-linked measures) rising by 4. 2% year-on-year (YoY) in Q4 2023, according to the General Authority for Statistics (GASTAT); this was preceded by YoY growths of 3. 2% in Q3 and 5. 1% in Q2 2023. In 2023, non-oil value added rose by 4. 4%, moderating slightly from the growth of 5. 6% recorded in 2022. Mining activities did however remain weak in 2023, due to a decline in crude petroleum and natural gas mining. According to the GASTAT, the value add of mining and quarrying activities fell by 9. 2% in 2023, owing to a 9. 4% fall in crude petroleum and natural gas mining; in contrast, ‘other mining and quarrying’ activities rose by 5. 7% in 2023. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Mining Industry Mergers and Acquisitions Deals by Top Themes in Q1. . . Reports Guyan Gold Project Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more The Saudi Arabian mining sector is expected to expand substantially in the coming years and play a crucial role in the Kingdom’s economic diversification efforts. According to the National Industrial and Mining Information Centre, the country’s mineral wealth is estimated to be SR9. 4tn ($2. 5tn), as of April 2024. Some of the recent discoveries that will support investment in the mining sector over the coming years include significant gold reserves along a 100km stretch south of the existing Mansourah-Massarah gold mine in the Al Khurmah governorate of the Makkah region. The state-owned mining company Saudi Arabian Mining Company (Ma’aden), which announced the find in December 2023, plans to intensify drilling activities around Mansourah-Massarah this year. This marks the first discovery as part of Ma’aden’s intensive exploration program that was launched in 2022, through which it aims to build a mineral production line, develop the Kingdom’s resource base, and support the government’s ambition to transform mining into the third pillar of the country’s economy. According to Ma’aden, at the end of 2023, the volume of gold reserves in Mansourah and Massarah was estimated to be seven million ounces, with an annual production capacity of 250, 000oz. The government is focused on accelerating exploration and mining activity and reducing the Kingdom’s dependency on oil revenue. In line with this effort, in January 2024, the Saudi Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources signed memorandums of understanding (MOU) with four countries – Egypt, Morocco, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Russia. These agreements will enable shared initiatives and knowledge transfer. The Ministry has also announced SR685m ($182m) in incentives, in cooperation with the Ministry of Investment, to support mineral exploration in the Kingdom and reduce the risks faced by exploration companies during their early stages. The Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources issued 118 new industrial licences in February 2024, taking the total number of industrial licences granted since the start of the year to 270. By the end of February 2024, the Kingdom had 11, 757 factories either operating or under construction, with 93 factories commencing production within the month. The “Accelerated Exploration” initiative, which was launched by the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources in January 2022, is expected to further support the mining sector’s growth; the initiative aims to boost investment in the mining sector, accelerate the exploration process, and attract domestic and foreign investment. In early April 2024, the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources announced six new mining investment opportunities for local and international investors. The ministry has invited bids for new exploration licences for gold, copper, zinc, lead, and silver ores across the Kingdom, covering a total area of more than 940km². Investment opportunities include exploration licences in the “Makman Hijab” site in Riyadh, “Al-Mihah” site in Mecca, and “An-Nimas” and “Al-Hajirah” sites in Asir, among others. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence Reports Mining Industry Mergers and Acquisitions Deals by Top Themes in Q1 2023 - Thematic Intelligence Reports Guyan Gold Project Data Insights The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more View All Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo MINE Australia: Focus (monthly) MINE: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × We Value Your Privacy here. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


##### Mining sector to play pivotal role in Saudi Arabia's economic diversification efforts - Mining Technology — https://www.mining-technology.com/analyst-comment/mining-sector-pivotal-saudi-arabia-economic-diversification-efforts/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click
Mining sector to play pivotal role in Saudi Arabia's economic diversification efforts - Mining Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Saudi Arabia has seen significant development since the launch of the ‘Vision 2030’ program in 2016, with the business environment being transformed and new sectors being created. The government has launched mega projects such as NEOM and the Red Sea, in line with its commitment to diversify the Kingdom’s economy away from its dependence on the oil sector. Saudi Arabia’s non-oil sector accounted for over 50% of GDP for the first time in 2023, with its share rising from 47. 4% in 2015 to 51. 7% that year. Non-oil activity recorded growth through 2023, with the Kingdom’s non-oil GDP (measured in 2018 chain-linked measures) rising by 4. 2% year-on-year (YoY) in Q4 2023, according to the General Authority for Statistics (GASTAT); this was preceded by YoY growths of 3. 2% in Q3 and 5. 1% in Q2 2023. In 2023, non-oil value added rose by 4. 4%, moderating slightly from the growth of 5. 6% recorded in 2022. Mining activities did however remain weak in 2023, due to a decline in crude petroleum and natural gas mining. According to the GASTAT, the value add of mining and quarrying activities fell by 9. 2% in 2023, owing to a 9. 4% fall in crude petroleum and natural gas mining; in contrast, ‘other mining and quarrying’ activities rose by 5. 7% in 2023. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Mining Industry Mergers and Acquisitions Deals by Top Themes in Q1. . . Reports Guyan Gold Project Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more The Saudi Arabian mining sector is expected to expand substantially in the coming years and play a crucial role in the Kingdom’s economic diversification efforts. According to the National Industrial and Mining Information Centre, the country’s mineral wealth is estimated to be SR9. 4tn ($2. 5tn), as of April 2024. Some of the recent discoveries that will support investment in the mining sector over the coming years include significant gold reserves along a 100km stretch south of the existing Mansourah-Massarah gold mine in the Al Khurmah governorate of the Makkah region. The state-owned mining company Saudi Arabian Mining Company (Ma’aden), which announced the find in December 2023, plans to intensify drilling activities around Mansourah-Massarah this year. This marks the first discovery as part of Ma’aden’s intensive exploration program that was launched in 2022, through which it aims to build a mineral production line, develop the Kingdom’s resource base, and support the government’s ambition to transform mining into the third pillar of the country’s economy. According to Ma’aden, at the end of 2023, the volume of gold reserves in Mansourah and Massarah was estimated to be seven million ounces, with an annual production capacity of 250, 000oz. The government is focused on accelerating exploration and mining activity and reducing the Kingdom’s dependency on oil revenue. In line with this effort, in January 2024, the Saudi Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources signed memorandums of understanding (MOU) with four countries – Egypt, Morocco, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Russia. These agreements will enable shared initiatives and knowledge transfer. The Ministry has also announced SR685m ($182m) in incentives, in cooperation with the Ministry of Investment, to support mineral exploration in the Kingdom and reduce the risks faced by exploration companies during their early stages. The Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources issued 118 new industrial licences in February 2024, taking the total number of industrial licences granted since the start of the year to 270. By the end of February 2024, the Kingdom had 11, 757 factories either operating or under construction, with 93 factories commencing production within the month. The “Accelerated Exploration” initiative, which was launched by the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources in January 2022, is expected to further support the mining sector’s growth; the initiative aims to boost investment in the mining sector, accelerate the exploration process, and attract domestic and foreign investment. In early April 2024, the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources announced six new mining investment opportunities for local and international investors. The ministry has invited bids for new exploration licences for gold, copper, zinc, lead, and silver ores across the Kingdom, covering a total area of more than 940km². Investment opportunities include exploration licences in the “Makman Hijab” site in Riyadh, “Al-Mihah” site in Mecca, and “An-Nimas” and “Al-Hajirah” sites in Asir, among others. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence Reports Mining Industry Mergers and Acquisitions Deals by Top Themes in Q1 2023 - Thematic Intelligence Reports Guyan Gold Project Data Insights The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more View All Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo MINE Australia: Focus (monthly) MINE: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × We Value Your Privacy here. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices=== 2025-11-12 05:06:59 | https://www.mining-technology.com/analyst-comment/mining-sector-pivotal-saudi-arabia-economic-diversification-efforts/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click | 9.67 KB ===

Mining sector to play pivotal role in Saudi Arabia's economic diversification efforts - Mining Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Saudi Arabia has seen significant development since the launch of the ‘Vision 2030’ program in 2016, with the business environment being transformed and new sectors being created. The government has launched mega projects such as NEOM and the Red Sea, in line with its commitment to diversify the Kingdom’s economy away from its dependence on the oil sector. Saudi Arabia’s non-oil sector accounted for over 50% of GDP for the first time in 2023, with its share rising from 47. 4% in 2015 to 51. 7% that year. Non-oil activity recorded growth through 2023, with the Kingdom’s non-oil GDP (measured in 2018 chain-linked measures) rising by 4. 2% year-on-year (YoY) in Q4 2023, according to the General Authority for Statistics (GASTAT); this was preceded by YoY growths of 3. 2% in Q3 and 5. 1% in Q2 2023. In 2023, non-oil value added rose by 4. 4%, moderating slightly from the growth of 5. 6% recorded in 2022. Mining activities did however remain weak in 2023, due to a decline in crude petroleum and natural gas mining. According to the GASTAT, the value add of mining and quarrying activities fell by 9. 2% in 2023, owing to a 9. 4% fall in crude petroleum and natural gas mining; in contrast, ‘other mining and quarrying’ activities rose by 5. 7% in 2023. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Mining Industry Mergers and Acquisitions Deals by Top Themes in Q1. . . Reports Guyan Gold Project Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more The Saudi Arabian mining sector is expected to expand substantially in the coming years and play a crucial role in the Kingdom’s economic diversification efforts. According to the National Industrial and Mining Information Centre, the country’s mineral wealth is estimated to be SR9. 4tn ($2. 5tn), as of April 2024. Some of the recent discoveries that will support investment in the mining sector over the coming years include significant gold reserves along a 100km stretch south of the existing Mansourah-Massarah gold mine in the Al Khurmah governorate of the Makkah region. The state-owned mining company Saudi Arabian Mining Company (Ma’aden), which announced the find in December 2023, plans to intensify drilling activities around Mansourah-Massarah this year. This marks the first discovery as part of Ma’aden’s intensive exploration program that was launched in 2022, through which it aims to build a mineral production line, develop the Kingdom’s resource base, and support the government’s ambition to transform mining into the third pillar of the country’s economy. According to Ma’aden, at the end of 2023, the volume of gold reserves in Mansourah and Massarah was estimated to be seven million ounces, with an annual production capacity of 250, 000oz. The government is focused on accelerating exploration and mining activity and reducing the Kingdom’s dependency on oil revenue. In line with this effort, in January 2024, the Saudi Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources signed memorandums of understanding (MOU) with four countries – Egypt, Morocco, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Russia. These agreements will enable shared initiatives and knowledge transfer. The Ministry has also announced SR685m ($182m) in incentives, in cooperation with the Ministry of Investment, to support mineral exploration in the Kingdom and reduce the risks faced by exploration companies during their early stages. The Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources issued 118 new industrial licences in February 2024, taking the total number of industrial licences granted since the start of the year to 270. By the end of February 2024, the Kingdom had 11, 757 factories either operating or under construction, with 93 factories commencing production within the month. The “Accelerated Exploration” initiative, which was launched by the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources in January 2022, is expected to further support the mining sector’s growth; the initiative aims to boost investment in the mining sector, accelerate the exploration process, and attract domestic and foreign investment. In early April 2024, the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources announced six new mining investment opportunities for local and international investors. The ministry has invited bids for new exploration licences for gold, copper, zinc, lead, and silver ores across the Kingdom, covering a total area of more than 940km². Investment opportunities include exploration licences in the “Makman Hijab” site in Riyadh, “Al-Mihah” site in Mecca, and “An-Nimas” and “Al-Hajirah” sites in Asir, among others. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence Reports Mining Industry Mergers and Acquisitions Deals by Top Themes in Q1 2023 - Thematic Intelligence Reports Guyan Gold Project Data Insights The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more View All Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo MINE Australia: Focus (monthly) MINE: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × We Value Your Privacy here. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices




# --- https://www.mining-technology.com/data-insights/gold-in-russia/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click ---
Gold in Russia Skip to site menu Skip to page content According to GlobalData, Russia is the world’s second-largest producer of gold in 2023, with output up by 6% on 2022. Over the five years to 2022, production from Russia increased by a CAGR of 2% and is expected to rise by a CAGR of 2% between 2023 and 2027. GlobalData uses proprietary data and analytics to provide a complete picture of this market in its Global Gold Mining to 2030 report. Buy the report here. Data Insights Gold Mining Market Analysis by Reserves, Production, Assets, Demand Drivers and Forecast to 2030 Buy the Report Data Insights The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Russia accounts for 10% of global production, with the largest producers being China, Russia, Australia and Canada. Leading producers of gold in Russia are Polyus, Polymetal International, Kinross Gold and Zijin Mining Group. During 2020-2021, Polyus's output was down by 6%, Polymetal International's output increased by 2%, while output from Kinross Gold decreased by 4%. For more detailed analysis of global gold mining, buy the report here. GlobalData, the leading provider of industry intelligence, provided the underlying data, research, and analysis used to produce this article. GlobalData’s Commodity Analyzer tracks production, consumption, imports and exports of 17 key commodities across 60 countries, whilst its Mines & Projects Database tracks over 30, 000 mines and projects with 200+ data fields for each, including production, operating costs, equipment and key mine-site contacts. Data Insights Gold Mining Market Analysis by Reserves, Production, Assets, Demand Drivers and Forecast to 2030 Buy the Report Data Insights The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more View All Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo MINE Australia: Focus (monthly) MINE: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


# --- https://www.mining-technology.com/news/saudi-arabia-mou-mining/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click ---
Saudi Arabia signs mining deals with four nations - Mining Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Saudi Mining and Industry Minister Bandar Al-Khorayef addresses the Future Minerals Forum in Riyadh on 10 January 2024. Credit: FAYEZ NURELDINE via Getty Images. Saudi Arabia has signed memorandums of understanding (MOUs) for mining collaborations with four other nations. Deals have been made with Egypt, Russia, Morocco and the Democratic Republic of Congo at the Future Minerals Forum in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. The MOUs Saudi Arabia has signed with Egypt’s Ministry of Petroleum and Mineral Resources, Morocco’s Ministry of Energy Transition and Sustainable Development and Congo’s Ministry of Mines of the Democratic Republic involve cooperation in “the field of mineral wealth”, while a separate agreement inked with Russia involves geology. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports As-Suq Mine Reports Guyan Gold Project Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Several other initiatives and investments were announced at the event, including Saudi Minister of Industry and Mineral Resources Bandar Alkhorayef’s unveiling of a $182m (SR682. 5m) exploration incentive programme alongside the nation’s Ministry of Investment. “This programme will de-risk investments in our exploration securing to enable new commodities, greenfield projects and junior miners. In addition, and to drive the existing future of the exploration sector, we are announcing the fifth and sixth rounds of licensing programmes offering access to 33 exploration sites this year, ” he said. Yasir Al-Rumayyan, Governor of the Public Investment Fund in Saudi Arabia, also announced a plan to create the next generation of mining talent. A collaboration between Maaden, the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources and King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals, has been created to establish the first bachelor’s degree in mining science and engineering. Artificial Intelligence will form part of the curriculum in order to future-proof the new talent rising through the course, a spokesperson for the scheme said. At the event, Saudi Arabia’s Minister of Investment, Khalid Al-Falih, noted that the move towards net-zero, and the vast amount of critical minerals needed to drive this transition, will necessitate cooperation between countries across the Middle East. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence He added: “The demand for materials ([critical minerals] is going to be a multiple of what it is today. A lot of existing production facilities will either decline because of the depletion of resources, or because it is not acceptable from a sustainability and environmental standpoint. ” Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Mining Technology Excellence Awards - The Benefits of Entering Gain the recognition you deserve! The Mining Technology Excellence Awards celebrate innovation, leadership, and impact. By entering, you showcase your achievements, elevate your industry profile, and position yourself among top leaders driving industry advancements. Don’t miss your chance to stand out—submit your entry today! Nominate Now Go deeper with GlobalData Reports As-Suq Mine Reports Guyan Gold Project Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo MINE Australia: Mining Technology Focus (monthly) MINE: Mining Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


##### Saudi Arabia signs mining deals with four nations - Mining Technology — https://www.mining-technology.com/news/saudi-arabia-mou-mining/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click
Saudi Arabia signs mining deals with four nations - Mining Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Saudi Mining and Industry Minister Bandar Al-Khorayef addresses the Future Minerals Forum in Riyadh on 10 January 2024. Credit: FAYEZ NURELDINE via Getty Images. Saudi Arabia has signed memorandums of understanding (MOUs) for mining collaborations with four other nations. Deals have been made with Egypt, Russia, Morocco and the Democratic Republic of Congo at the Future Minerals Forum in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. The MOUs Saudi Arabia has signed with Egypt’s Ministry of Petroleum and Mineral Resources, Morocco’s Ministry of Energy Transition and Sustainable Development and Congo’s Ministry of Mines of the Democratic Republic involve cooperation in “the field of mineral wealth”, while a separate agreement inked with Russia involves geology. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports As-Suq Mine Reports Guyan Gold Project Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Several other initiatives and investments were announced at the event, including Saudi Minister of Industry and Mineral Resources Bandar Alkhorayef’s unveiling of a $182m (SR682. 5m) exploration incentive programme alongside the nation’s Ministry of Investment. “This programme will de-risk investments in our exploration securing to enable new commodities, greenfield projects and junior miners. In addition, and to drive the existing future of the exploration sector, we are announcing the fifth and sixth rounds of licensing programmes offering access to 33 exploration sites this year, ” he said. Yasir Al-Rumayyan, Governor of the Public Investment Fund in Saudi Arabia, also announced a plan to create the next generation of mining talent. A collaboration between Maaden, the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources and King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals, has been created to establish the first bachelor’s degree in mining science and engineering. Artificial Intelligence will form part of the curriculum in order to future-proof the new talent rising through the course, a spokesperson for the scheme said. At the event, Saudi Arabia’s Minister of Investment, Khalid Al-Falih, noted that the move towards net-zero, and the vast amount of critical minerals needed to drive this transition, will necessitate cooperation between countries across the Middle East. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence He added: “The demand for materials ([critical minerals] is going to be a multiple of what it is today. A lot of existing production facilities will either decline because of the depletion of resources, or because it is not acceptable from a sustainability and environmental standpoint. ” Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Mining Technology Excellence Awards - The Benefits of Entering Gain the recognition you deserve! The Mining Technology Excellence Awards celebrate innovation, leadership, and impact. By entering, you showcase your achievements, elevate your industry profile, and position yourself among top leaders driving industry advancements. Don’t miss your chance to stand out—submit your entry today! Nominate Now Go deeper with GlobalData Reports As-Suq Mine Reports Guyan Gold Project Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo MINE Australia: Mining Technology Focus (monthly) MINE: Mining Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices

# --- https://www.mining-technology.com/news/china-leads-in-deploying-battery-powered-trucks-globaldata-report/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click ---
China leads in deploying battery-powered trucks – GlobalData report - Mining Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content The electrification of mining vehicles will reduce emissions, noise pollution and maintenance costs. Credit: Evgeny_V / Shutterstock. Battery technology promises to be the next frontier in mining vehicles, and several projects are already underway as operators including BHP, Fortescue Metals Group and Teck look to move towards electrification, according to a new report. GlobalData’s Development of Electric Mining Vehicles in Surface and Underground Mining report notes that some small-scale battery-powered trucks are already deployed and have found particular popularity in China. Reports Development of Electric Mining Vehicles in Surface and Underground Mining (2024) Buy the report Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more The report identified that, of the 129 battery-powered trucks tracked worldwide, China had 78, representing 60. 5% of the global total. It was followed by Thailand with 25 and Brazil with 13. Of the 78 tracked in China, 40 are deployed at Fushan mine, which is located in She County and owned by Shandong Honghe Baili Mining. The site uses Yutong YTK90E autonomous electric battery-powered trucks, with a load capacity of 60 tonnes – standard for the still-small battery-powered trucks currently available on the market. Six further mines using battery-powered vehicles are identified in China – 12 at the Huolinhe coal mine, nine at Yulong, eight at the Yangquan Jidong project, five at the Tianyang cement project and two each at the Jilin Hunchun Xiaoxinancha mine and the Qinghai Deerni copper mine. The two main suppliers of battery-powered trucks are Yutong and Sany, both of which are headquartered in China. The report notes that the companies account for over 85% of the tracked trucks, “with the YTK90E and SKT90E the most popular models for the two OEMs, respectively. ” GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The report also notes that hydrogen fuel cell battery technology is likely to enter the market soon. A Liebherr T264 with a capacity of 218 tonnes is already being trialed Fortescue’s Christmas Creek mine in Pilbara, Australia, while another prototype (of a converted Komatsu 291t, 930E truck) is being trialed at Anglo American’s Mogalakwena platinum group metal mine in South Africa. GlobalData predicts that the battery-powered sector will grow, stating: “Battery technology to power large surface mining trucks is still evolving and currently only at the prototype stage, with hydrogen fuel cell battery technology also being tested. ” It states that battery-powered trucks and hydrogen fuel cell electric trucks will offer several advantages. These include a significant reduction of on-site diesel emissions, which could be up to 80% lower, and less noise pollution (electric motors are almost silent). Battery-powered trucks and hydrogen fuel cell electric trucks would offer operators lower maintenance costs on the powertrain. Outside of China, there is innovation, as several OEMs and operators look to enter the industry, with higher-capacity offerings. According to the report: “BHP, Rio Tinto, Newmont, Teck and Freeport-McMoRan are currently some of the miners collaborating with Caterpillar to develop the next generation zero-emission trucks. ” Teck is looking to deploy 30 of Caterpillar’s zero-emissions large battery-powered haul trucks between 2027 and 2030, whilst Newmont has made an initial investment of $100m to develop an all-electric autonomous fleet. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Mining Technology Excellence Awards - The Benefits of Entering Gain the recognition you deserve! The Mining Technology Excellence Awards celebrate innovation, leadership, and impact. By entering, you showcase your achievements, elevate your industry profile, and position yourself among top leaders driving industry advancements. Don’t miss your chance to stand out—submit your entry today! Nominate Now Reports Development of Electric Mining Vehicles in Surface and Underground Mining (2024) Buy the report Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo MINE Australia: Mining Technology Focus (monthly) MINE: Mining Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices
=== 2025-11-12 05:09:24 | https://www.mining-technology.com/news/saudi-arabia-mou-mining/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click | 8.06 KB ===

Saudi Arabia signs mining deals with four nations - Mining Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Saudi Mining and Industry Minister Bandar Al-Khorayef addresses the Future Minerals Forum in Riyadh on 10 January 2024. Credit: FAYEZ NURELDINE via Getty Images. Saudi Arabia has signed memorandums of understanding (MOUs) for mining collaborations with four other nations. Deals have been made with Egypt, Russia, Morocco and the Democratic Republic of Congo at the Future Minerals Forum in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. The MOUs Saudi Arabia has signed with Egypt’s Ministry of Petroleum and Mineral Resources, Morocco’s Ministry of Energy Transition and Sustainable Development and Congo’s Ministry of Mines of the Democratic Republic involve cooperation in “the field of mineral wealth”, while a separate agreement inked with Russia involves geology. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports As-Suq Mine Reports Guyan Gold Project Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Several other initiatives and investments were announced at the event, including Saudi Minister of Industry and Mineral Resources Bandar Alkhorayef’s unveiling of a $182m (SR682. 5m) exploration incentive programme alongside the nation’s Ministry of Investment. “This programme will de-risk investments in our exploration securing to enable new commodities, greenfield projects and junior miners. In addition, and to drive the existing future of the exploration sector, we are announcing the fifth and sixth rounds of licensing programmes offering access to 33 exploration sites this year, ” he said. Yasir Al-Rumayyan, Governor of the Public Investment Fund in Saudi Arabia, also announced a plan to create the next generation of mining talent. A collaboration between Maaden, the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources and King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals, has been created to establish the first bachelor’s degree in mining science and engineering. Artificial Intelligence will form part of the curriculum in order to future-proof the new talent rising through the course, a spokesperson for the scheme said. At the event, Saudi Arabia’s Minister of Investment, Khalid Al-Falih, noted that the move towards net-zero, and the vast amount of critical minerals needed to drive this transition, will necessitate cooperation between countries across the Middle East. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence He added: “The demand for materials ([critical minerals] is going to be a multiple of what it is today. A lot of existing production facilities will either decline because of the depletion of resources, or because it is not acceptable from a sustainability and environmental standpoint. ” Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Mining Technology Excellence Awards - The Benefits of Entering Gain the recognition you deserve! The Mining Technology Excellence Awards celebrate innovation, leadership, and impact. By entering, you showcase your achievements, elevate your industry profile, and position yourself among top leaders driving industry advancements. Don’t miss your chance to stand out—submit your entry today! Nominate Now Go deeper with GlobalData Reports As-Suq Mine Reports Guyan Gold Project Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo MINE Australia: Mining Technology Focus (monthly) MINE: Mining Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


