=== 2025-11-05 17:04:21 | https://www.mobil.com/en/lubricants/for-personal-vehicles?utm_source=corporate.exxonmobil.com&utm_medium=referral | 1.43 KB ===

Mobil™ Lubricants Motor oil | Mobil™ Skip to main content Privacy center to update settings. Keeps your engine running like new. Our motor oils deliver performance, protection, and peace of mind every time you’re on the road. Find the right motor oil View Mobil products Save with Mobil 1 TM. See the latest offers, rebates, and coupons. View the promotions NEW Let's hit the road. Get curated content, exclusive offers, and more. Join the Mobil 1 DR1VRS CLUB SM Find your repair shop. Oil changes, auto repairs, tires and more. Search on Mechanic Advisor Master the basics. Viscosity, grades, specifications, and more. Learn about motor oil Race-proven performance. Our motorsports partners choose Mobil 1℠ motor oil Learn more about our partnerships Come along for the ride. Follow on Instagram MOBIL 1 DR1VRS CLUB℠ Get curated content, early access, exclusive offers, and the Scenic Route — First name * Last name * Email * Zip code I'm interested in: * Product information & promotions E-Sports & gaming Motorsports Car communities Driving & road trips By signing up, I consent to the, and ExxonMobil Terms and Conditions, and agree to receive exclusive Mobil 1 DR1VRS CLUB℠ content and marketing communications from ExxonMobil. Join Privacy preference center Privacy preference center Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:05:11 | https://www.mobil.com/en/lubricants/for-businesses/services/mobil-delvac-services | 3.83 KB ===

Fleet business support | Mobil™ Skip to main content Privacy center to update settings. Mobil Delvac™ services For more than 90 years, the Mobil Delvac brand has played a critical and ever-growing role across commercial trucking, agriculture, mining, construction and more. We keep industry moving with continued innovation and performance that translates to measurable business wins for our customers. Supporting a variety of businesses and industries Keeping your trucks on the road is critical to reliably delivering on commitments. ExxonMobil is a key partner in the equation, and its Mobil Delvac brand offers state-of-art diesel engine oil technology and hands-on assistance from a network of experts. That simple formula for success is why many decision-makers across many industries choose the Mobil Delvac brand. Providing the right tools for success We have established benchmarks for performance, protection and fuel economy that have helped fleets get more miles out of their vehicles by using the Mobil Delvac product range. To drive operational efficiencies even further, we continue to develop innovative support services that provide fleets with customized care. The intelligent, effective management programs and tools we offer today do more than ever to keep fleets operating at peak performance. Backed by world-class ExxonMobil engineers, the Mobil Delvac brand helps fleets by: Delivering high-performance lubricants and invaluable expertise – Using Mobil Delvac™ lubricants means you get additional expertise from our nationwide network of sales engineers, lubrication engineers and distributor partners. Support levels vary based on the size of the fleet, and range from product recommendations/optimizations from our sales engineers, to helping develop extended oil drain intervals with our lubrication engineers. In addition, our sales engineers and distributor reps are trained to advise on preventive maintenance and safety best practices. Optimizing oil drain intervals – The ExxonMobil Optimized Oil Drain Interval (ODI) Process is a four-step, data-driven process that evaluates fleets’ duty cycles and maintenance practices to help extend service intervals and safeguard success. Analyzing oil life – Mobil℠ Lubricant Analysis can provide you with a customized used oil analysis (UOA) of your fleet to determine the right lubrication solutions. Regular UOA keeps you informed on the progress of your business, and can help increase equipment reliability and reduce total cost of ownership. Plus, you can conveniently access your UOA online. Sharing industry insights – Fleet performance can help you find out what new oil specifications mean, improve the energy efficiency of your business and keep you up to date on the latest industry trends. These tools and resources demonstrate how Mobil Delvac-branded products and ExxonMobil’s lubricant expertise can help your business – extending service intervals, improving energy efficiency, reducing maintenance costs and cutting fuel expenses. Ultimately, we can help you achieve your business goals and even lower your total operating costs. Save money. Boost uptime. Extend oil drain intervals. The Optimized ODI Process works. See what Mobil Delvac™ lubricants and ExxonMobil engineers can do for you. Learn more about Save money. Boost uptime. Extend oil drain intervals. Oil analysis Mobil℠ Lubricant Analysis monitors engine and lubricant conditions to keep your trucks running strong. Learn more about Oil analysis Fleet maintenance guidebook Our maintenance guidebook has 5 tips that can help you reduce costs, increase efficiency and minimize downtime. Learn more about Fleet maintenance guidebook Privacy preference center Privacy preference center Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


=== 2025-11-05 17:05:12 | https://www.mobil.com/en/lubricants/for-businesses/industrial/lubricant-expertise/sectors/mining-industry-lubricants | 6.82 KB ===

Mining and Off-highway Industry Lubricants Skip to main content Privacy center to update settings. Mining Overview Heavy Duty Lubricants Search by Equipment Exclusive Offers Technical Resources​ Maintenance Guides Ready to start the conversation? Reach our team at ( 1-800-662-4525 ) Otherwise, share your details below and a Mobil℠ representative will be in touch within 1-2 business days. First Name * Last Name * Work Email * Phone * Mine Site * Job Title * Zip Code * Country * } Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria Amer Virgin Is Andaman and Nicobar Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire Bosnia-Herz Botswana Brazil Brit Ind Oc Ter Brit Virgin Is Brunei Dar-es-S Bulgaria Burkina-Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Canary Islands Cape Verdian Cayman Islands Centr Afr Rep Chad Chile China Christmas Islnd Cocos Islands Colombia Comorin Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Dem Rep Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Rep East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Gui Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islnds Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Frenc Polynesia French Guiana French Sth Terr Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guernsey Ch Isl Guinea Guinea-Bissau Haiti Heard McDon Isl Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Lyme Bay Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islnds Martinique Mauretania Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Minor Outl Ins Moldavia Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N Mariana Islnd Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Islands Norfolk Island Norway Oman ouvet Island Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua Nw Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islnds Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Rep of Korea Reunion Romania Russian Fed Rwanda S Tome Principe Saint Barthelemy Saint Martin French part Samoa Samoa American San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia Monteneg Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Dutch part Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St Chr Nevis St Helena St Lucia St Pier Miquel St Vincent Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Tadzhikistan Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Islands Tonga Trinidad Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turksh Caicosin Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine Unit Arab Emir United Kingdom Uruguay USA Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe I agree to the ExxonMobil terms and conditions. Any information submitted in this form will be used in accordance with ExxonMobil. Submit Whether you’re mining for minerals, metals, oil sands or coal, you expect your equipment to perform reliably and efficiently to maximize production, protect the environment and ensure a safe operation. Mobil™ industrial lubricants are specially formulated to protect equipment in the harshest conditions. You can depend on our proven products and lubrication expertise to keep your stationary and mobile equipment working at maximum efficiency. We don’t just provide lubricants. We also support you with lubrication expertise and a full range of Mobil℠ Engineering Services Our mining experts are also here to help. Let our experienced mining engineers conduct a free, no-hassle Mobil™ Site Study to help you identify exactly where – and how much – you can potentially save. Click here We understand mining and stand ready with the people, products and lubrication services to help you get the most from your operation’s mining equipment. The future of mining runs on Mobil™ Mobil has had a long-standing contributor to some of the world’s leading mining companies. See how our cutting-edge products help them redefine their operations with increased uptime, lower costs*, and improved equipment reliability. *Results vary based on operating conditions Watch now to learn about Mining with Mobil Fill with Mobil™ When you work with Mobil lubricants, you aren’t just purchasing a product — you’re collaborating with a team that is dedicated to your success, that will see you through to the finish line and beyond. When you work with us, you Fill with expertise, you Fill with collaboration, you Fill with performance, but most of all, you Fill with Mobil. Learn more about the Fill with Mobil team Technical Resources Oil Cleanliness in Lubrication Systems | Mobil™ Learn how to ensure proper oil cleanliness, a critical component of the success of any industrial operation. Technical topics, PDF Industrial Shovel Optimization | Mobil™ Mobil℠ services, Article Filtration and Contamination Control | Mobil™ Learn about the filtration and contamination control solutions service from Mobil℠, and how expert engineers review your lubricants to identify compatibility situations and determine current machinery conditions. Mobil℠ services, Article High Velocity Oil Flushing | Mobil™ The high velocity oil flushing service from Mobil℠ can help you boost equipment reliability and avoid costly downtime due to carbon and/or varnish/sludge buildup. Learn more. Success stories, Article See more Mining solutions Explore industry schematics Explore industry-specific equipment and applications When you work with Mobil lubricants, you aren’t just purchasing a product — you’re collaborating with a team that is dedicated to your success, that will see you through to the finish line and beyond. When you work with us, you Fill with expertise, you Fill with collaboration, you Fill with performance, but most of all, you Fill with Mobil. Learn more about industry schematics Mobil™ Presents: Mining into the Future Modern Mining, Innovative Solutions Mining into the Future events are bringing together some of the most influential thought leaders from the mining industry to break down the most pressing issues, so together, we can shape the future of mining. Learn more about the future of mining Find solutions for your specific application Select an application to find recommended lubricants Mobile Equipment Bearings Air Compressor Gears Hydraulics Rust Preventives Don't see what you're looking for? You can search for products by application, equipment builder, product series or specification. Learn more Privacy preference center Privacy preference center Always active Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Save my choices Allow all


