

# --- https://ncwwomenhelpline.ncw.gov.in ---
NCW Women Helpline भारत सरकार | Government of India Skip to Content A + A A - Previous Next For any issue related to Violence against Women Please Call on Helpline: 7827-170-170 NCW Women Helpline NCW Women Helpline is intended to provide Digital Complaint Registration System for women affected by violence through referral (Linking with appropriate authority such as police, One Stop Centre, hospital) and providing information about women related government programmes across the country. This Women Helpline is being operated from the premises of the National Commission for Women, New Delhi. Women Issues Cyber Crimes against Women Rape / Attempt to Rape Acid Attack Sexual Assault Harassment of Women at Workplace Outraging Modesty / Molestation Domestic Violence / Dowry Harassment Police Apathy Choice in Marriage / Honour Crimes Mental Stress NCW Women Helpline Objectives To provide Digital Complaint Registration System for women in distress through trained counsellors To facilitate psychological counselling or referral to the appropriate agencies such as Police Hospitals District Legal Service Authority (DLSA) Protection Officer (PO) One Stop Crisis Centre (OSC). To provide information about the appropriate support services, government agencies, etc. NCW Women Helpline Services NCW receives thousands of complaints every year related to Domestic Violence and other issues. Such incidents can make an adverse impact on mental health and sometimes they need psychological support to get out of this trauma. In order to help the women in registering complaints and provide psychological support, the NCW has taken initiative to start this Helpline. Any woman or girl (above 18 yrs) in distress seeking help can call this helpline. The helpline is staffed by Psychological Counsellors trained in topmost Mental Health and Counselling institutions. About NCW The National Commission of Women (NCW), is the statutory body of the Government of India, generally concerned with advising the government on all policy matters affecting women. The objective of the NCW is to represent the rights of women in India and to provide a voice for their issues and concerns. The subjects of the campaigns run by NCW have included dowry, politics, religion, equal representation for women in jobs, and the exploitation of women for labour. Read More. . . Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Name* Mobile* Email* Message* Submit National Commission for Women NCW Women Helpline Platform Powered by IIDS. Development Partner: Digital India Corporation UX4G Accessibility Tool Accessibility options Text To Speech Bigger Text Text Spacing Line Height Highlight Links Dyslexia Friendly Hide Images Cursor Light-Dark Invert Colors Reset All Settings Created by Accessibility Options
