=== 2025-11-06 17:09:48 | https://www.offshore-technology.com | 7.95 KB ===

Offshore Technology | Oil and Gas News and Market Analysis Skip to site menu Skip to page content News ExxonMobil to buy 60% stake in Block 2 concession offshore Greece Energean will retain a 30% stake in Block 2 and Helleniq Energy will hold a 10% interest. News Corcel secures environmental permit for KON-16 block in Angola News Petronas and partners secure new exploration blocks offshore Suriname News Petro Matad announces updates on Gazelle and Heron wells in Mongolia News Union Jack Oil’s Oklahoma well test yields no commercial oil News Carbon Clean, Samsung E&A to deliver modular carbon capture systems News DNO and Aker BP agree to swap Norwegian Sea assets News Ovintiv to acquire NuVista Energy in $2. 7bn deal Analyst Comment Oil and gas contractors supporting industry players in meeting net-zero goals GlobalData Energy Analyst Comment Abundant feedstock drives polypropylene capacity additions in the Middle East GlobalData Energy Features Powered by pumpkins: how seasonal food waste affects biogas production Eve Thomas Analyst Comment Asia to spearhead global polypropylene capacity additions until 2030 GlobalData Energy Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Features AI skills: companies want them, locations try to provide them, but what exactly are they? As companies scramble to introduce AI into everything from their workflows to back-end operations, upskilling programmes will likely play a role in driving investment. More themes Artificial Intelligence Cloud Corporate Governance Cybersecurity Environmental Sustainability Internet of Things Robotics Social Responsibility Partner Content Huawei Cloud in Leaders Quadrant: How Huawei is shaping the global cloud-native ecosystem News Ambipar, SBM Offshore develop robotic solution for cargo oil tank cleaning on FPSOs News AIQ and SLB to advance agentic AI in ADNOC’s subsurface operations Partner Content What’s next for industrial AI? Five key developments shaping the space Data Insights Artificial intelligence: who are the leaders in inspection robots for the oil & gas industry? The oil & gas industry continues to be a hotbed of patent innovation. Activity is driven by the need for. . . Discover Data Insights powered by our proprietary data Understand the themes driving your sector, keep up with key innovation areas and track the activities of leading companies Find out more Data Insights Leading oil and gas companies in the renewable energy theme Data Insights Q3 2024 update: digitalization related M&A activity in the oil & gas industry Data Insights LNG terminal profile: Malaysia Train 9 LNG Liquefaction Terminal, Malaysia More Insights Oil & gas field profile: Tobias Redevelopment Conventional Oil Field, Angola Oil & gas field profile: Pit Heavy Oil Field, Mexico Q3 2024 update: energy transition related private equity activity in the oil & gas industry Petrochemicals complex profile: Thirumalai Chemicals Dahej Complex, India Oil & gas field profile: Venus Conventional Oil Field, Namibia Buyer's Guides Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyer's Guides Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry Buyer's Guides Shale gas producers and suppliers in the oil and gas industry Buyer's Guides LNG suppliers and terminals in the oil and gas industry Global Offshore Upstream Development Outlook by Countries, Companies, Terra. . . $3, 000 Energy Transition Strategies of Oil and Gas Contractors: Strategic Intellig. . . $995 Unconventional Production in the US Lower 48: Market Trends, Economic Viabi. . . $3, 000 Southeast Asia Oil and Gas Upstream Development Trends Outlook by Countries. . . $3, 000 Polypropylene Industry Capacity and Capital Expenditure Forecasts with Deta. . . $3, 995 1 of 2 Latest Issue Offshore Technology Focus Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. We Value Your Privacy here. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×




# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/sapura-upstream-signs-farm-agreements-three-exploration-permits/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click ---
Sapura Energy signs farm-in agreements for offshore exploration permits Skip to site menu Skip to page content An offshore platform. Credit: wsquared photography & creative Malaysia-based Sapura Upstream has signed farm-in agreements for three offshore exploration permits held by Australian oil and gas company Finder Exploration. With the farm-in agreements, Sapura Upstream enters the Australian oil and gas sector. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Quarterly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review ÔÇô Yinson, Techn. . . Reports Monthly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review – Yinson Clover’s F. . . Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Sapura Energy president and group CEO Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Shahril Shamsuddin said: “Our entry into Australia marks another significant milestone for our upstream business as we continue to pursue growth in line with our strategy to expand our portfolio and acreage position. “Our joint venture with Finder is a demonstration of the trust and recognition for both our shallow and deep-water capabilities, technical skills and geological expertise. ” After closing of the farm-in agreements, Sapura Upstream will buy a 70% interest in all three exploration blocks consisting of EP 483 & TP/25, WA-412-P and AC/P 61 and assume operatorship. “Our joint venture with Finder is a demonstration of the trust and recognition for both our shallow and deep-water capabilities, technical skills and geological expertise. ” The remaining 30% stake in these permits will continue to be owned by Finder. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The three blocks are located in the North West Shelf oil and gas province off Western Australia. The joint venture (JV) will drill two exploration wells in the Carnarvon Basin permits from 2019 to 2020, besides acquiring seismic data in the AC/P61 permit in 2019 to mature the potential drilling sites. Both EP 483 & TP/25 and WA-412-P permits are located in the shallow waters of Carnarvon Basin. Located in the Vulcan Sub-basin, the AC/P 61 permit is surrounded by oil and gas discoveries and contains several prospects and leads. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Quarterly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review ÔÇô Yinson, Techn. . . Reports Monthly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review – Yinson Clover’s F. . . Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/projects/cosmopolitan-oil-and-gas-field-cook-inlet-basin/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click ---
Cosmopolitan Oil and Gas Field, Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska, US - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content The Cosmopolitan oil and gas field is located in the southern part of the Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska. The Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig is drilling the offshore wells at the Cosmopolitan oil and gas field. Credit: Business Wire. The Endeavour rig is capable of operating in water depths of up to 300ft and drill to a depth up to 25, 000ft. Credit: Global Offshore Engineering. The Cosmopolitan oil and gas field is located in the southern part of the Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska. The Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig is drilling the offshore wells at the Cosmopolitan oil and gas field. Credit: Business Wire. Cosmopolitan oil and gas field is located in the southern part of the Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska, US, in close proximity to the shoreline at Anchor Point on the Kenai Peninsula. Water depth at the field is approximately 80ft. Recommended Buyers Guides Buyers Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyers Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all The oil and gas field is solely owned and operated by Bluecrest Energy, which acquired Buccaneer’s 25% share in the project in 2014. The first oil from the project is expected in 2016. Discovery and drilling activities at the Cosmopolitan field Pennzoil discovered the Cosmopolitan oil and gas field in 1967 by drilling the first exploration well, which flowed at a rate of 75 barrels of oil per day (bpd). It was followed by the drilling of the Hansen 1 and Hansen 1A wells by ConocoPhillips in 2001 and 2003 respectively. Pioneer Natural Resources conducted a 3D seismic survey of the entire field area in 2005 and drilled the Hansen 1AL1 well in 2007, which produced 35, 000 barrels of oil. The wells drilled by ConocoPhillips and Pioneer were directionally drilled from an onshore location, approximately three miles from the field. Pioneer Natural Resources sold its 100% share in the project to BlueCrest (75%) and Buccaneer (25%) in August 2012. BlueCrest and Buccaneer drilled the Cosmopolitan 1 vertical well to a total depth of 7, 599ft in 2013 using the Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig (formerly GSF Adriatic X1 Offshore jack-up rig). The well led to the discovery of new productive gas and oil zones. BlueCrest and Buccaneer further acquired the neighbouring leases held by Apache that year. Cosmopolitan oil and gas field reserves Based on an estimate made by Ralph E Davis in August 2012, the Alaskan offshore oil and gas field is estimated to hold proved and probable (2P) reserves of approximately 55. 2 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMboe). Cosmopolitan field development The initial development plan being implemented at the Cosmopolitan field involves vertical drilling of offshore gas wells and water injection wells using the Endeavour rig to target the shallow gas formations, which are not reachable from onshore locations and drilling of directional wells from onshore to target the deeper oil accumulations. Two gas-only production platforms will be installed at the offshore site, which will be tied back to the existing onshore site by means of subsea pipelines. Each of the two platforms will have a designed dry gas production capacity of 30 million standard cubic feet a day (MMscfd), feature a 12-man temporary quarter, a helideck, a crane and a flare boom. Gas produced from the field will be conveyed to the gas transportation line owned by Enstar, whereas oil will be conveyed to the Tesoro Kenai refinery using trucks. Offshore drilling activities are expected to continue until April 2016. In May 2015, the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority (AIDEA) Board consented to provide a loan of up to $30m to BlueCrest Energy to acquire an onshore drilling rig for the project. Details of the drilling rigs Prior to the start of operations at the field, the Endeavour rig was upgraded at Keppel FELS’ Singapore shipyard and additional repairs were completed at Homer Deep Water Dock. The rig is capable of operating in water depths of up to 300ft and drill to a depth up to 25, 000ft. It has accommodation facilities for 100 people and can be used in temperatures as low as -10°F. The proposed onshore drilling rig for the field is a 3, 000HP unit, which will be capable of drilling to depths of more than 30, 000ft. Contractors involved with the Cook Inlet Basin offshore field The drilling contractor for the project is Spartan Offshore Drilling. A full rig condition survey for the Endeavour rig was performed by Global Offshore Engineering (GOE) in December 2014. The Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig is owned by Kenai Offshore Ventures (KOV), which is comprised Terra Investments and Ezion Holdings, and is chartered by Kenai Drilling, a subsidiary of BlueCrest Energy. Recommended White Papers Whitepaper Transitioning from Project Execution to Asset Operation with AI Whitepaper Transforming Energy Generation Through Innovative Technologies View all Recommended Buyer's Guides Buyer's Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyer's Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×


# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/projects/cook/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click ---
Cook Oil Field Project, North Sea Central - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Fabrication of the pipeline. The pipe-in-pipe fabrication base at Evanton. The CSO Apache was used to lay the pipe. A seismic section, through the reservoir. Pipe from the stern of the Apache. Sedco 711, drilling on Cook. Bundles of pipeline, ready to be joined. Fabrication of the pipeline. The pipe-in-pipe fabrication base at Evanton. The Cook Field comprises an oil trap in a simple domal structure, formed by salt at depth. A single exploration well, 21/2Oa-2, has been drilled into the structure, down-dip of the crest. Oil is trapped in a single sandstone reservoir, of late Jurassic age, with an oil / water contact defined in the discovery well without a gas cap. Recommended White Papers Whitepaper Øresund Link Whitepaper Maersk Innovator – Offshore Rig Upgrade View all Recommended Buyers Guides Buyers Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyers Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all The Cook structure measures approximately 2km x 2km and dips to the NW and NE by faulting to the cast and sand-pinching, towards the south-west. The southern part of the structure known as ‘Cook South’ has more development risks than the Cook Main core area closer to the 2112Oa-2 well. Thus, the Cook two-well development plan is centred on Cook Main. Reserves "The peak oil rate is expected to be 20, 000b/d, with reserves put at between 12 and 23 million bbl of oil and l5 BCF of gas. " The oil has a gravity of 35° API. The reservoir is highly over-pressured, with an initial reservoir pressure of 9, 7OOpsi and a bubble point of approximately 3400psia. The peak oil rate is expected to be 20, 000b/d, with reserves put at between 12 and 23 million bbl of oil and l5 BCF of gas. Field life is four to five years. Development scheme The recovery mechanism used for the development is natural depletion. The scheme requires up to two near-vertical, subsea production wells; one available at first oil and, if necessary, the second approximately one year later. Gas-lift capability is included in the production wells in the event of water production. The Cook subsea trees will be dual bore, rated to a maximum working pressure of 10, 000psi, which is suitable for the maximum wellhead shut-in pressure of 6, 700psi. The trees will be installed with flow bases and locked into the wellheads using 183 4in 10, 000psi hydraulic connectors. The wells will be connected to the Cook drill centre using rigid spools. A manifold structure will be positioned on the seabed to carry terminations for the well controls, pipelines and valves. Production from the wells will be commingled at the manifold and flow through a cooling loop. They will then enter a single 8in line within a carrier pipe, to Anasuria. A 3in utility line will carry methanol to the wells from Anasuria at the start of field lift. In the later years, the utility line may be used to carry lift gas to the wells. A single control umbilical will be installed between the Teal cluster and the Cock manifold. The umbilical will supply hydrate, wax, scale and corrosion-inhibition chemicals. At the Anasuria riser base manifold, the wellstream enters the Anasuria turret via a 6in flexible pliant wave riser (a second pliant wave is used for methanol or gas lift going the other way). The wellstream will be fed into an existing separator, which will be dedicated to Cook. This separator is large enough to act as a slugcatcher. Gas from the Cook separator will be mixed with Teal and Guillemot A gas for treatment, compression, metering and export. A portion of Cook gas will also be used as fuel. The contract specified that the riser pull-in operations had to be diverless and the flexible risers had to be installed while the Anasuria was live. The decision to use the Apache to deliver the pipe-in-pipe made this the first reeled line of its kind in the North Sea. Installation The pipeline was installed under an EPIC contract from Coflexip Stena Offshore Limited (CSOL), using the Apache reelbarge. This was the first time that pipe-in-pipe was installed in such a way in the North Sea and it was carried out in two journeys. Recommended White Papers Whitepaper Øresund Link Whitepaper Maersk Innovator – Offshore Rig Upgrade View all Recommended Buyer's Guides Buyer's Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyer's Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/features/saudi-arabia-ready-to-mine-the-future-as-it-looks-beyond-oil/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click ---
Saudi Arabia ready to mine the future as it looks beyond oil - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content In 2019, Saudi Arabia launched Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels. Credit: shaifulzamri via Getty Images. Saudi Arabia – a nation built upon the extraction and export of hydrocarbons – is facing a series of challenges as it tries to gradually transition away from fossil fuels and diversify its economy. Its developing mining and minerals sector will play a huge part in that process. It is now the second-largest crude oil producer – sitting just ahead of Russia and below the US – with the desert nation extracting almost 12. 5 million barrels of oil a day (mbbl/d) from its vast proven reserves of around 267. 19 billion barrels (bbbl). Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more The kingdom remains heavily reliant on oil revenues to fund government spending and push forward with large infrastructure projects planned under its Vision 2030 strategy, announced in 2016 and aimed at refocusing its economy away from oil. However, the kingdom is about to make a substantial investment in its mining sector, banking on growing demand for energy transition minerals such as lithium, cobalt and nickel, as well as gold and some rare earth metals. According to GlobalData’s Market Assessment of Mining Industry in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 2023 report, the nation is well positioned to become a leading mineral commodity supplier and a major player in the global mining industry, thanks to massive natural resources and a number of government initiatives. Saudi Arabia’s General Authority for Statistics (GASTAT) revealed that the mining and quarrying industry contributed around 35. 73% of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2021, a percentage that is set to grow. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The kingdom’s mining production also saw a yearly rise of 0. 40% in October 2024, with levels remaining steady since 2016, according to GASTAT, while its mining GDP rose to $58bn (SR217. 5bn) in the third quarter of 2024 (Q3 2024) from $56bn in Q2. In 2016, Saudi Arabia revealed Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels and support (among other industries such as tourism and technology) the mining sector, targeting an increase in mining’s GDP contribution from $17bn in 2019 to $75bn in 2035. Pat Thaker, editorial director (Middle East and Africa) at the Economist Intelligence Unit, the research division of the Economist Group, told GlobalData, Mining Technology ’s parent company, that “Vision 2030 aims to reduce the kingdom’s heavy economic dependence on oil”. Saudi Arabia has two distinct advantages when it comes to large projects: extensive financial resources, and freedom from lengthy bureaucratic processes and prolonged decision-making, Thaker said. According to additional GlobalData research published in May 2024, the Saudi mining sector is expected to expand substantially in the coming years, with the kingdom actively seeking mining collaborations. In November, it signed nine metals and mining investment deals with a total value of $9. 3bn, seen as another step in the Vision 2030 plan, which aims to attract $100bn annually in foreign investment by 2030. In January 2024, the Saudi Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources signed memorandums of understanding with four countries – Egypt, Morocco, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Russia – to enable shared initiatives and knowledge transfer. Saudi Arabia’s vast mineral wealth According to Saudi Arabia’s National Centre for Industrial and Mining Information, the country’s mineral wealth was estimated at SR9. 4trn as of April 2024. Its non-oil sectors accounted for more than 50% of GDP for the first time in 2023, up from 47. 4% in 2015. “Mining is a small industry now, but we are looking to quadruple the size of the sector by 2030, and we are already hitting the targets we set for 2025, ” said Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Al-Mudaifer, speaking to a US media outlet in early December, added that the “mining and minerals sector will be able to provide the necessary materials for our own domestic needs, under the National Minerals Program, which will drive growth in the mining sector and capitalise on the kingdom’s vast mineral wealth. ” Trillions needed for investment Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, addressing Resourcing Tomorrow in London in December. Credit: Caroline Peachey. In a separate speech given in early December at the Resourcing Tomorrow conference in London, Al-Mudaifer also highlighted the sector’s underperformance in exploration and volatile commodity markets – and perhaps most important – the need to acquire trillions of dollars in investments over the next few years. “For Saudi Arabia, resourcing tomorrow is not just a concept, it is our legacy. The discovery of our oil reserves transformed not just our nation but also the global energy markets. It taught us the value of responsible resource management, long before sustainability become a global imperative, ” he said. To meet the surging demand driven by the energy transition, the mineral sector “requires about $6trn of investment by 2035, or four-times the market capitalisation the top 20 mining companies in the sector”. He added that to “bridge this gap, the industry means to attract significant new capital, potentially opening doors for new players including sovereign funds, and oil and gas companies. ” “The sector also faces a major talent gap, as an experienced generation of operators, geologists and engineers are retiring, with a lack of investment during the 1990s now impacting the industry, ” he continued. He estimated that Saudi Arabia would need “maybe 400 mining professionals and engineers to work in the industry, while numbers working the industry globally has been on the decline”. The challenges are “enormous” Speaking earlier in 2024, Al-Mudaifer admitted that Saudi Arabia faces “enormous challenges” and the kingdom needs “to go ten-times faster for our development of minerals and mining”. He outlined three challenges the country faces: policy, innovation and material supplies. With mining being “one of the least-trusted industries, we still need to streamline permitting processes if we are to deliver on the material transition. We also need clearer and quicker policies on recycling of minerals. ” As for innovation, “we need to do more recycling of materials, particularly batteries. We also need improved technology for extraction. ” When it comes to materials, “we need a supply that will cover the quadrupling of production”. The need to de-risk Saudi Arabia’s untapped mineral resources include key commodities such as bauxite, copper, gold, lithium, magnesium, silver, zinc and several rare earth elements – all materials needed for electric vehicles and renewable energy projects. “The energy transition will require minerals, lots more minerals, ” added Al-Mudaifer, “and to get hold of them, you need more supply, and that requires investment, infrastructure, policy change and innovation”, as this will help “de-risk whatever risks might be”. Minerals “need to come from a new jurisdiction and Saudi Arabia is just such a place, ” he added. One of its first moves was to make itself “attractive to investors and offer an investor journey. The investor is the king for us. ” The kingdom invested heavily in offering new information to any organisation looking to come into the country, and the “Saudi Geological Survey [SGS] has also helped us attract investors, as well as helping us discover new mineral resources, including rare earth metals”, he added. According to recent data from the SGS, previous mining operations identified more than 5, 300 mineral locations. As of January 2022, Saudi Arabia had a total of 1, 990 mining licences including 32 reconnaissance, 633 exploration, 165 exploitation and 1, 160 building and material quarry licences. Leveraging mineral wealth, reliable supply chains The Saudi Minerals Programme, revealed in early 2024, is aimed at leveraging mineral wealth to ensure reliable supply chains and sustainable economic development. It will focus on de-risking exploration investments in the nation, facilitate new discoveries within existing facilities and encourage greenfield projects. This is expected to attract junior miners and foster partnerships with international investors. Bandar Ibrahim Alkhorayef, Saudi Ariabia’s Minister of Industry and Mineral Resources, said in July the programme – part of the nation’s broader strategy to maximise the value derived from its mining sector – has a pivotal role in ensuring a steady supply for local industries and significant projects. Golden future Last year, Saudi Arabia was the 27th-biggest gold producer, with output up by 16% from the previous year, according to GlobalData. Gold production is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 6% between 2023 and 2027. This will be aided by the start-up of projects like Saudi Arabian Mining Company’s (Ma’aden’s) Mansourah and Massarah project. Ma’aden announced the find in December 2023. According to Ma’aden figures, at the end of 2023, the volume of gold reserves in the region was estimated to be seven million ounces, with an annual production capacity of 250, 000oz. GlobalData research indicates gold deposits can be found throughout Saudi Arabia’s Central Arabian Gold Region, which stretches from the Red Sea coast to the country’s heart, and in September 2022, the SGS confirmed the discovery of huge deposits of gold in the Aba al-Raha locality of Medina. Jonathan Cordero, CEO of Saudi Gold Refinery, one of Saudi Arabia’s leading gold refining and mining companies, said: “In Saudi Arabia, mining is seen as the third pillar, which means there is other pillars. And so, it is a holistic approach of transforming the entire ecosystem, the entire economy. I think that is exactly the right approach. ” He was speaking at the Resourcing Tomorrow event. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Alb


# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/press-agreement-basf-chemicals/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook ---
FoundOcean Signs Strategic Agreement with Chemicals Company BASF - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close FoundOcean Signs Strategic Agreement with Chemicals Company BASF Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook FoundOcean has signed a strategic agreement with chemicals company BASF. BASF wind power key account manager Luc Westhof said: "Marrying BASF’s world-leading chemical manufacturing capabilities and FoundOcean’s extensive offshore grouting experience means that foundation installers and wind farm developers can be confident in the integrity of the grouted connection. " BASF’s MasterFlow 9500 is the only product to have obtained the type approval certificate (TAC) from certifying body DNV GL. Its impressive ‘fit for purpose’ properties include rapid strength build-up, even at low temperatures, supporting increased foundation installation rates. Such material innovation is increasingly important in order to reduce the cost of offshore wind foundation installation; FoundOcean and BASF therefore plan to use their combined knowledge and experience to facilitate further development in this area. "FoundOcean has signed a strategic agreement with chemicals company BASF. " FoundOcean managing director Jim Bell said: "This is an excellent opportunity for FoundOcean and BASF to work collaboratively to increase productivity through material and equipment innovation. Formalising the long-term relationship between the two companies will secure the trust needed for joint investment in material development that will help set the standard for service delivery and product offering during offshore wind foundation installation. " Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. We Value Your Privacy here. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×


# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/pressheat-treatment-book/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook ---
English-Language Edition of Major Heat Treatment Book Features EFD Induction Contribution - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close English-Language Edition of Major Heat Treatment Book Features EFD Induction Contribution Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook EFD Induction, with Sweden’s Royal Institute of Technology and leading research institute Swerea IVF, recently launched a 832-page book on heat treatment. The new book, entitled ‘Steel and its Heat Treatment — a Handbook’, is an English translation of Stål och Värmebehandling, a handbook on the topic of steel and heat treatment that has established itself as essential reading in companies, universities and research labs across Sweden. The book covers everything from metallography, grades of steel, heat treatment processes and material testing to the equipment used for heat treatment, associated processes, safety and the environment. A key writer on the project has been Kristian Berggren, managing director of EFD Induction in Sweden, who contributed to the book’s section on induction hardening. "The book gives a fantastic overview and understanding of heat treatment, a topic still seen as some kind of black magic, even tough the basic mechanism have been known for hundreds of years, " Berggren said. Examples of heat treatment methods covered in the book are: induction hardening, case hardening, nitriding processes, tempering and annealing. The book is printed in full colour, and is ideal as a practical guide, as well as an educational resource for labs, companies and research institutes. "More than 20 specialist writers have, together with another 40 contributing experts, worked hard to ensure the book helps engineers, designers, teachers, students and production solve real-world challenges, " added Berggren. The new English edition of the book, which is the result of two years’ translation and editorial efforts, was released in May, during the Bodycote/AGA Heat Treatment Seminar held at the Swedish coastal resort town of Saltsjöbaden. The book costs &euro; 145, (approx. £181, £117), and can be ordered from your nearest EFD Induction office. Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×


# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/products/cuplok-scaffold-system/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook ---
Cuplok Scaffold System - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message Thank you for submitting the form. Your enquiry will be submitted to the company. Thank you. Please check your email to download the Product. Close Cuplok Scaffold System Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook Cuplok is a fully galvanised multi-purpose system chosen by contractors throughout the world. It has been proven to be significantly faster to erect than traditional scaffolding. The key benefits of Cuplok: Lighter to store and transport Safe and fast to erect Unique locking system No loose fittings Galvanised, resistant to corrosion You can use boards or battens Conforms with BSEN 12811 and BSEN 12810 Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×


# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/downloads/whitepapers/data/compressor-surge-prevention-control-yokogawa-stardom ---
Compressor Surge Prevention Control implemented on Yokogawa Stardom - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Enter your details below to view the free white paper Work Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Company * Job Title * Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code* UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czech Republic (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone * By downloading this whitepaper, you acknowledge that GlobalData may share your information with our white paper partners/sponsors who may contact you directly with information on their products and services. Download free white paper Visit our Thank you. Please check your email to download the white paper. Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×


# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/pressela-container-looks-back-2016/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook ---
ELA Container Offshore Looks Back At 2016 - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close ELA Container Offshore Looks Back At 2016 Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook 2016 is coming to an end, so it is time to look back at the past year. ELA Container Offshore draws a very positive balance for the year. "I am very excited with what our team has accomplished in 2016. In addition to the realization of many small and large offshore projects as well as participating in numerous international exhibitions, we were also able to hire new employees that will be a support to our team, " sums up ELA Container Offshore managing director Hans Gatzemeier. Internationalization The internationalization of the company was further promoted in 2016. Hence, US subsidiary the ELA Container Offshore USA Corp. was founded in order to expand and strengthen its presence in the North American market. Headquartered in Houston, customer retention should be intensified and the expansion of the company’s success consistently pursued. "We are looking forward to the challenge and are most confident that our ELA Offshore Container solutions will be well received by our customers in the North American market. With our world-renowned ‘Made in Germany’ reputation, we can impress buyers and users in North America, " says ELA Container Offshore USA business development manager Daniel Melcher. International trade fair presence A further focus of the company in 2016 was to participate and exhibit at major trade fairs and exhibitions. "This year, we were able to visit many international trade fairs and exhibit at leading trade fairs worldwide. We took our containers with us on site throughout Europe and the US, including Houston, Stavanger, Hamburg and Amsterdam, " says ELA Container Offshore marketing manager Katharina Pleus. "Also, 2017 will be very exciting since we will be exhibiting our Offshore Accommodation Containers at global exhibitions in Houston, Aberdeen and London. Hence, we are increasing our visibility and name recognition beyond national borders as well as intensifying our international customer loyalty. " Realization of numerous projects In 2015 in numerous projects, ELA Container Offshore was able to successfully position their products and gain plenty of valuable experience in the fields of offshore wind, offshore oil and gas, supplying equipment for supply vessels, as well as cable laying and dredging. Besides Germany, ELA Offshore Containers were delivered as a turnkey solution, assembled and installed on site in Africa, Kazakhstan, the US, Abu Dhabi, Dubai, the UK, Mexico, Norway, Denmark and the Netherlands. "We are particularly pleased to be working with many international companies that have become so-called ‘continuous purchasers’, the reason being that they appreciate our very fast service, immediate availability and the especially high quality of our offshore containers, " says Gatzemeier. Also the production and delivery of custom-made offshore containers increased in 2016. "In order to satisfy special needs of our clients we can build containers according to customers’ specification and requirements, " says ELA Container Offshore custom-made containers sales Melissa Ermes. Research and development Despite excellent project experiences and a high level of customer satisfaction, further advancement and new developments is a main target. Therefore, in 2015, ELA Container Offshore was heavily engaged with new and continuously changing customer requirements as well as the necessary certifications. "Further innovations are very important in order to provide customers with added value over and over again, " says Gatzemeier. "Many customers appreciate a turnkey solution to keep a project clearly arranged and processed in-house easier as well as faster. Just call us and we will take care of all matters related to container delivery, installation, service and commissioning. Next to the already well-known container solutions, we are also able to provide diesel generators, fresh water treatment systems and waste water processing plants to quickly built a self-sufficient working unit. " Certifications are also an important factor in the offshore sector, according to Gatzemeier. All ELA offshore units are manufactured in Germany according to German quality standards and possess the DNV 2. 7-1 / EN 12079 and CSC certificates. "Meanwhile, in addition to the necessary DNV 2. 7-1 certification, many customers require containers that also have the DNV 2. 7-2 certification. Therefore, we have been busy with this certification process and are happy that our accommodation containers have now received this important certification, " says Gatzemeier. Also special customers’ requirements do not pose a problem at all: for a special project 24 pieces living quarters with 10m length and 3m width were build according to customer’s specification within only two months and turnkey assembled on an offshore platform by ELA. "All in all, we are more than satisfied with the past year and are already looking forward to what 2017 has in store for us, " adds Gatzemeier. × × × × × × × × Lost Password Bac


# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/pressagreement-green-marine/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook ---
Maxim Evaporators Signs Distributor Agreement with Green Marine - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close Maxim Evaporators Signs Distributor Agreement with Green Marine Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook Company officials announced today that Maxim Evaporators has signed a distributor agreement with Green Marine & Industrial Equipment Co for the US Gulf Coast market. Green Marine was founded in 1961 and today is a well diversified sales and service organization. Green Marine serves clients in marine, offshore and shipbuilding industries. Green Marine is strategically located in the center of the Gulf of Mexico region with offices in New Orleans and Houston. This allows them to offer quick response to equipment sales and service needs. Maxim Evaporators was originally founded in the 1940’s for the purpose of manufacturing water purification equipment utilizing evaporative technology. "Maxim is growing its core business of standard water makers and aftermarket parts and this distributor agreement with Green Marine is a tremendous step forward for our company, " said Brian Hebert, Maxim’s president. Maxim manufactures a series of standard fresh water makers that can be used in numerous applications. Models are available with capacities from 192 up to 22, 500 gallons per day. Engineered units can be designed to produce up to 500, 000 gallons a day of fresh water. Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


##### Maxim Evaporators Signs Distributor Agreement with Green Marine - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/pressagreement-green-marine/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook
Maxim Evaporators Signs Distributor Agreement with Green Marine - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close Maxim Evaporators Signs Distributor Agreement with Green Marine Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook Company officials announced today that Maxim Evaporators has signed a distributor agreement with Green Marine & Industrial Equipment Co for the US Gulf Coast market. Green Marine was founded in 1961 and today is a well diversified sales and service organization. Green Marine serves clients in marine, offshore and shipbuilding industries. Green Marine is strategically located in the center of the Gulf of Mexico region with offices in New Orleans and Houston. This allows them to offer quick response to equipment sales and service needs. Maxim Evaporators was originally founded in the 1940’s for the purpose of manufacturing water purification equipment utilizing evaporative technology. "Maxim is growing its core business of standard water makers and aftermarket parts and this distributor agreement with Green Marine is a tremendous step forward for our company, " said Brian Hebert, Maxim’s president. Maxim manufactures a series of standard fresh water makers that can be used in numerous applications. Models are available with capacities from 192 up to 22, 500 gallons per day. Engineered units can be designed to produce up to 500, 000 gallons a day of fresh water. Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices=== 2025-11-11 14:47:39 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/pressagreement-green-marine/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook | 8.49 KB ===

Maxim Evaporators Signs Distributor Agreement with Green Marine - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close Maxim Evaporators Signs Distributor Agreement with Green Marine Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook Company officials announced today that Maxim Evaporators has signed a distributor agreement with Green Marine & Industrial Equipment Co for the US Gulf Coast market. Green Marine was founded in 1961 and today is a well diversified sales and service organization. Green Marine serves clients in marine, offshore and shipbuilding industries. Green Marine is strategically located in the center of the Gulf of Mexico region with offices in New Orleans and Houston. This allows them to offer quick response to equipment sales and service needs. Maxim Evaporators was originally founded in the 1940’s for the purpose of manufacturing water purification equipment utilizing evaporative technology. "Maxim is growing its core business of standard water makers and aftermarket parts and this distributor agreement with Green Marine is a tremendous step forward for our company, " said Brian Hebert, Maxim’s president. Maxim manufactures a series of standard fresh water makers that can be used in numerous applications. Models are available with capacities from 192 up to 22, 500 gallons per day. Engineered units can be designed to produce up to 500, 000 gallons a day of fresh water. Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices




##### Cuplok Scaffold System - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/products/cuplok-scaffold-system/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook
Cuplok Scaffold System - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message Thank you for submitting the form. Your enquiry will be submitted to the company. Thank you. Please check your email to download the Product. Close Cuplok Scaffold System Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook Cuplok is a fully galvanised multi-purpose system chosen by contractors throughout the world. It has been proven to be significantly faster to erect than traditional scaffolding. The key benefits of Cuplok: Lighter to store and transport Safe and fast to erect Unique locking system No loose fittings Galvanised, resistant to corrosion You can use boards or battens Conforms with BSEN 12811 and BSEN 12810 Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×

##### ELA Container Offshore Looks Back At 2016 - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/pressela-container-looks-back-2016/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook
ELA Container Offshore Looks Back At 2016 - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close ELA Container Offshore Looks Back At 2016 Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook 2016 is coming to an end, so it is time to look back at the past year. ELA Container Offshore draws a very positive balance for the year. "I am very excited with what our team has accomplished in 2016. In addition to the realization of many small and large offshore projects as well as participating in numerous international exhibitions, we were also able to hire new employees that will be a support to our team, " sums up ELA Container Offshore managing director Hans Gatzemeier. Internationalization The internationalization of the company was further promoted in 2016. Hence, US subsidiary the ELA Container Offshore USA Corp. was founded in order to expand and strengthen its presence in the North American market. Headquartered in Houston, customer retention should be intensified and the expansion of the company’s success consistently pursued. "We are looking forward to the challenge and are most confident that our ELA Offshore Container solutions will be well received by our customers in the North American market. With our world-renowned ‘Made in Germany’ reputation, we can impress buyers and users in North America, " says ELA Container Offshore USA business development manager Daniel Melcher. International trade fair presence A further focus of the company in 2016 was to participate and exhibit at major trade fairs and exhibitions. "This year, we were able to visit many international trade fairs and exhibit at leading trade fairs worldwide. We took our containers with us on site throughout Europe and the US, including Houston, Stavanger, Hamburg and Amsterdam, " says ELA Container Offshore marketing manager Katharina Pleus. "Also, 2017 will be very exciting since we will be exhibiting our Offshore Accommodation Containers at global exhibitions in Houston, Aberdeen and London. Hence, we are increasing our visibility and name recognition beyond national borders as well as intensifying our international customer loyalty. " Realization of numerous projects In 2015 in numerous projects, ELA Container Offshore was able to successfully position their products and gain plenty of valuable experience in the fields of offshore wind, offshore oil and gas, supplying equipment for supply vessels, as well as cable laying and dredging. Besides Germany, ELA Offshore Containers were delivered as a turnkey solution, assembled and installed on site in Africa, Kazakhstan, the US, Abu Dhabi, Dubai, the UK, Mexico, Norway, Denmark and the Netherlands. "We are particularly pleased to be working with many international companies that have become so-called ‘continuous purchasers’, the reason being that they appreciate our very fast service, immediate availability and the especially high quality of our offshore containers, " says Gatzemeier. Also the production and delivery of custom-made offshore containers increased in 2016. "In order to satisfy special needs of our clients we can build containers according to customers’ specification and requirements, " says ELA Container Offshore custom-made containers sales Melissa Ermes. Research and development Despite excellent project experiences and a high level of customer satisfaction, further advancement and new developments is a main target. Therefore, in 2015, ELA Container Offshore was heavily engaged with new and continuously changing customer requirements as well as the necessary certifications. "Further innovations are very important in order to provide customers with added value over and over again, " says Gatzemeier. "Many customers appreciate a turnkey solution to keep a project clearly arranged and processed in-house easier as well as faster. Just call us and we will take care of all matters related to container delivery, installation, service and commissioning. Next to the already well-known container solutions, we are also able to provide diesel generators, fresh water treatment systems and waste water processing plants to quickly built a self-sufficient working unit. " Certifications are also an important factor in the offshore sector, according to Gatzemeier. All ELA offshore units are manufactured in Germany according to German quality standards and possess the DNV 2. 7-1 / EN 12079 and CSC certificates. "Meanwhile, in addition to the necessary DNV 2. 7-1 certification, many customers require containers that also have the DNV 2. 7-2 certification. Therefore, we have been busy with this certification process and are happy that our accommodation containers have now received this important certification, " says Gatzemeier. Also special customers’ requirements do not pose a problem at all: for a special project 24 pieces living quarters with 10m length and 3m width were build according to customer’s specification within only two months and turnkey assembled on an offshore platform by ELA. "All in all, we are more than satisfied with the past year and are already looking forward to what 2017 has in store for us, " adds Gatzemeier. × × × × × × × × Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices

##### FoundOcean Signs Strategic Agreement with Chemicals Company BASF - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/press-agreement-basf-chemicals/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook
FoundOcean Signs Strategic Agreement with Chemicals Company BASF - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close FoundOcean Signs Strategic Agreement with Chemicals Company BASF Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook FoundOcean has signed a strategic agreement with chemicals company BASF. BASF wind power key account manager Luc Westhof said: "Marrying BASF’s world-leading chemical manufacturing capabilities and FoundOcean’s extensive offshore grouting experience means that foundation installers and wind farm developers can be confident in the integrity of the grouted connection. " BASF’s MasterFlow 9500 is the only product to have obtained the type approval certificate (TAC) from certifying body DNV GL. Its impressive ‘fit for purpose’ properties include rapid strength build-up, even at low temperatures, supporting increased foundation installation rates. Such material innovation is increasingly important in order to reduce the cost of offshore wind foundation installation; FoundOcean and BASF therefore plan to use their combined knowledge and experience to facilitate further development in this area. "FoundOcean has signed a strategic agreement with chemicals company BASF. " FoundOcean managing director Jim Bell said: "This is an excellent opportunity for FoundOcean and BASF to work collaboratively to increase productivity through material and equipment innovation. Formalising the long-term relationship between the two companies will secure the trust needed for joint investment in material development that will help set the standard for service delivery and product offering during offshore wind foundation installation. " Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. We Value Your Privacy here. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×

##### English-Language Edition of Major Heat Treatment Book Features EFD Induction Contribution - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/pressheat-treatment-book/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook
English-Language Edition of Major Heat Treatment Book Features EFD Induction Contribution - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close English-Language Edition of Major Heat Treatment Book Features EFD Induction Contribution Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook EFD Induction, with Sweden’s Royal Institute of Technology and leading research institute Swerea IVF, recently launched a 832-page book on heat treatment. The new book, entitled ‘Steel and its Heat Treatment — a Handbook’, is an English translation of Stål och Värmebehandling, a handbook on the topic of steel and heat treatment that has established itself as essential reading in companies, universities and research labs across Sweden. The book covers everything from metallography, grades of steel, heat treatment processes and material testing to the equipment used for heat treatment, associated processes, safety and the environment. A key writer on the project has been Kristian Berggren, managing director of EFD Induction in Sweden, who contributed to the book’s section on induction hardening. "The book gives a fantastic overview and understanding of heat treatment, a topic still seen as some kind of black magic, even tough the basic mechanism have been known for hundreds of years, " Berggren said. Examples of heat treatment methods covered in the book are: induction hardening, case hardening, nitriding processes, tempering and annealing. The book is printed in full colour, and is ideal as a practical guide, as well as an educational resource for labs, companies and research institutes. "More than 20 specialist writers have, together with another 40 contributing experts, worked hard to ensure the book helps engineers, designers, teachers, students and production solve real-world challenges, " added Berggren. The new English edition of the book, which is the result of two years’ translation and editorial efforts, was released in May, during the Bodycote/AGA Heat Treatment Seminar held at the Swedish coastal resort town of Saltsjöbaden. The book costs &euro; 145, (approx. £181, £117), and can be ordered from your nearest EFD Induction office. Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×

##### Compressor Surge Prevention Control implemented on Yokogawa Stardom - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/downloads/whitepapers/data/compressor-surge-prevention-control-yokogawa-stardom
Compressor Surge Prevention Control implemented on Yokogawa Stardom - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Enter your details below to view the free white paper Work Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Company * Job Title * Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code* UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czech Republic (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone * By downloading this whitepaper, you acknowledge that GlobalData may share your information with our white paper partners/sponsors who may contact you directly with information on their products and services. Download free white paper Visit our Thank you. Please check your email to download the white paper. Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×=== 2025-11-11 14:48:33 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/products/cuplok-scaffold-system/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook | 7.71 KB ===

Cuplok Scaffold System - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message Thank you for submitting the form. Your enquiry will be submitted to the company. Thank you. Please check your email to download the Product. Close Cuplok Scaffold System Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook Cuplok is a fully galvanised multi-purpose system chosen by contractors throughout the world. It has been proven to be significantly faster to erect than traditional scaffolding. The key benefits of Cuplok: Lighter to store and transport Safe and fast to erect Unique locking system No loose fittings Galvanised, resistant to corrosion You can use boards or battens Conforms with BSEN 12811 and BSEN 12810 Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×


=== 2025-11-11 14:48:33 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/pressela-container-looks-back-2016/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook | 12.17 KB ===

ELA Container Offshore Looks Back At 2016 - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close ELA Container Offshore Looks Back At 2016 Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook 2016 is coming to an end, so it is time to look back at the past year. ELA Container Offshore draws a very positive balance for the year. "I am very excited with what our team has accomplished in 2016. In addition to the realization of many small and large offshore projects as well as participating in numerous international exhibitions, we were also able to hire new employees that will be a support to our team, " sums up ELA Container Offshore managing director Hans Gatzemeier. Internationalization The internationalization of the company was further promoted in 2016. Hence, US subsidiary the ELA Container Offshore USA Corp. was founded in order to expand and strengthen its presence in the North American market. Headquartered in Houston, customer retention should be intensified and the expansion of the company’s success consistently pursued. "We are looking forward to the challenge and are most confident that our ELA Offshore Container solutions will be well received by our customers in the North American market. With our world-renowned ‘Made in Germany’ reputation, we can impress buyers and users in North America, " says ELA Container Offshore USA business development manager Daniel Melcher. International trade fair presence A further focus of the company in 2016 was to participate and exhibit at major trade fairs and exhibitions. "This year, we were able to visit many international trade fairs and exhibit at leading trade fairs worldwide. We took our containers with us on site throughout Europe and the US, including Houston, Stavanger, Hamburg and Amsterdam, " says ELA Container Offshore marketing manager Katharina Pleus. "Also, 2017 will be very exciting since we will be exhibiting our Offshore Accommodation Containers at global exhibitions in Houston, Aberdeen and London. Hence, we are increasing our visibility and name recognition beyond national borders as well as intensifying our international customer loyalty. " Realization of numerous projects In 2015 in numerous projects, ELA Container Offshore was able to successfully position their products and gain plenty of valuable experience in the fields of offshore wind, offshore oil and gas, supplying equipment for supply vessels, as well as cable laying and dredging. Besides Germany, ELA Offshore Containers were delivered as a turnkey solution, assembled and installed on site in Africa, Kazakhstan, the US, Abu Dhabi, Dubai, the UK, Mexico, Norway, Denmark and the Netherlands. "We are particularly pleased to be working with many international companies that have become so-called ‘continuous purchasers’, the reason being that they appreciate our very fast service, immediate availability and the especially high quality of our offshore containers, " says Gatzemeier. Also the production and delivery of custom-made offshore containers increased in 2016. "In order to satisfy special needs of our clients we can build containers according to customers’ specification and requirements, " says ELA Container Offshore custom-made containers sales Melissa Ermes. Research and development Despite excellent project experiences and a high level of customer satisfaction, further advancement and new developments is a main target. Therefore, in 2015, ELA Container Offshore was heavily engaged with new and continuously changing customer requirements as well as the necessary certifications. "Further innovations are very important in order to provide customers with added value over and over again, " says Gatzemeier. "Many customers appreciate a turnkey solution to keep a project clearly arranged and processed in-house easier as well as faster. Just call us and we will take care of all matters related to container delivery, installation, service and commissioning. Next to the already well-known container solutions, we are also able to provide diesel generators, fresh water treatment systems and waste water processing plants to quickly built a self-sufficient working unit. " Certifications are also an important factor in the offshore sector, according to Gatzemeier. All ELA offshore units are manufactured in Germany according to German quality standards and possess the DNV 2. 7-1 / EN 12079 and CSC certificates. "Meanwhile, in addition to the necessary DNV 2. 7-1 certification, many customers require containers that also have the DNV 2. 7-2 certification. Therefore, we have been busy with this certification process and are happy that our accommodation containers have now received this important certification, " says Gatzemeier. Also special customers’ requirements do not pose a problem at all: for a special project 24 pieces living quarters with 10m length and 3m width were build according to customer’s specification within only two months and turnkey assembled on an offshore platform by ELA. "All in all, we are more than satisfied with the past year and are already looking forward to what 2017 has in store for us, " adds Gatzemeier. × × × × × × × × Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


=== 2025-11-11 14:48:33 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/press-agreement-basf-chemicals/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook | 8.79 KB ===

FoundOcean Signs Strategic Agreement with Chemicals Company BASF - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close FoundOcean Signs Strategic Agreement with Chemicals Company BASF Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook FoundOcean has signed a strategic agreement with chemicals company BASF. BASF wind power key account manager Luc Westhof said: "Marrying BASF’s world-leading chemical manufacturing capabilities and FoundOcean’s extensive offshore grouting experience means that foundation installers and wind farm developers can be confident in the integrity of the grouted connection. " BASF’s MasterFlow 9500 is the only product to have obtained the type approval certificate (TAC) from certifying body DNV GL. Its impressive ‘fit for purpose’ properties include rapid strength build-up, even at low temperatures, supporting increased foundation installation rates. Such material innovation is increasingly important in order to reduce the cost of offshore wind foundation installation; FoundOcean and BASF therefore plan to use their combined knowledge and experience to facilitate further development in this area. "FoundOcean has signed a strategic agreement with chemicals company BASF. " FoundOcean managing director Jim Bell said: "This is an excellent opportunity for FoundOcean and BASF to work collaboratively to increase productivity through material and equipment innovation. Formalising the long-term relationship between the two companies will secure the trust needed for joint investment in material development that will help set the standard for service delivery and product offering during offshore wind foundation installation. " Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. We Value Your Privacy here. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×


=== 2025-11-11 14:48:33 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/contractors/data/equinor-north-sea-well-34-6-9-s-dry/pressreleases/pressheat-treatment-book/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook | 9.25 KB ===

English-Language Edition of Major Heat Treatment Book Features EFD Induction Contribution - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Email Address First Name Last Name Company Job Title Job function Administrative Board Level Management Engineering Facilities Graphic Design / Design / Architecture Human Resources (HR)/Training/Education Information Technology Legal Medical Practice Operations Politics Project Management Research / Development Sales/Account Management/Customer Services/Business Development Strategy / Planning Web & Digital Country UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Türkiye Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czechia (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Türkiye (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone Enquiry Message You have successfully submitted your enquiry. Someone from our company will respond ASAP Close English-Language Edition of Major Heat Treatment Book Features EFD Induction Contribution Make an enquiry Share Copy Link Share on X Share on Linkedin Share on Facebook EFD Induction, with Sweden’s Royal Institute of Technology and leading research institute Swerea IVF, recently launched a 832-page book on heat treatment. The new book, entitled ‘Steel and its Heat Treatment — a Handbook’, is an English translation of Stål och Värmebehandling, a handbook on the topic of steel and heat treatment that has established itself as essential reading in companies, universities and research labs across Sweden. The book covers everything from metallography, grades of steel, heat treatment processes and material testing to the equipment used for heat treatment, associated processes, safety and the environment. A key writer on the project has been Kristian Berggren, managing director of EFD Induction in Sweden, who contributed to the book’s section on induction hardening. "The book gives a fantastic overview and understanding of heat treatment, a topic still seen as some kind of black magic, even tough the basic mechanism have been known for hundreds of years, " Berggren said. Examples of heat treatment methods covered in the book are: induction hardening, case hardening, nitriding processes, tempering and annealing. The book is printed in full colour, and is ideal as a practical guide, as well as an educational resource for labs, companies and research institutes. "More than 20 specialist writers have, together with another 40 contributing experts, worked hard to ensure the book helps engineers, designers, teachers, students and production solve real-world challenges, " added Berggren. The new English edition of the book, which is the result of two years’ translation and editorial efforts, was released in May, during the Bodycote/AGA Heat Treatment Seminar held at the Swedish coastal resort town of Saltsjöbaden. The book costs &euro; 145, (approx. £181, £117), and can be ordered from your nearest EFD Induction office. Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×


=== 2025-11-11 14:48:33 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/downloads/whitepapers/data/compressor-surge-prevention-control-yokogawa-stardom | 7.14 KB ===

Compressor Surge Prevention Control implemented on Yokogawa Stardom - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Enter your details below to view the free white paper Work Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Company * Job Title * Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Country Code* UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czech Republic (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone * By downloading this whitepaper, you acknowledge that GlobalData may share your information with our white paper partners/sponsors who may contact you directly with information on their products and services. Download free white paper Visit our Thank you. Please check your email to download the white paper. Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×




##### Cosmopolitan Oil and Gas Field, Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska, US - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/projects/cosmopolitan-oil-and-gas-field-cook-inlet-basin/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click
Cosmopolitan Oil and Gas Field, Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska, US - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content The Cosmopolitan oil and gas field is located in the southern part of the Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska. The Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig is drilling the offshore wells at the Cosmopolitan oil and gas field. Credit: Business Wire. The Endeavour rig is capable of operating in water depths of up to 300ft and drill to a depth up to 25, 000ft. Credit: Global Offshore Engineering. The Cosmopolitan oil and gas field is located in the southern part of the Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska. The Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig is drilling the offshore wells at the Cosmopolitan oil and gas field. Credit: Business Wire. Cosmopolitan oil and gas field is located in the southern part of the Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska, US, in close proximity to the shoreline at Anchor Point on the Kenai Peninsula. Water depth at the field is approximately 80ft. Recommended Buyers Guides Buyers Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyers Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all The oil and gas field is solely owned and operated by Bluecrest Energy, which acquired Buccaneer’s 25% share in the project in 2014. The first oil from the project is expected in 2016. Discovery and drilling activities at the Cosmopolitan field Pennzoil discovered the Cosmopolitan oil and gas field in 1967 by drilling the first exploration well, which flowed at a rate of 75 barrels of oil per day (bpd). It was followed by the drilling of the Hansen 1 and Hansen 1A wells by ConocoPhillips in 2001 and 2003 respectively. Pioneer Natural Resources conducted a 3D seismic survey of the entire field area in 2005 and drilled the Hansen 1AL1 well in 2007, which produced 35, 000 barrels of oil. The wells drilled by ConocoPhillips and Pioneer were directionally drilled from an onshore location, approximately three miles from the field. Pioneer Natural Resources sold its 100% share in the project to BlueCrest (75%) and Buccaneer (25%) in August 2012. BlueCrest and Buccaneer drilled the Cosmopolitan 1 vertical well to a total depth of 7, 599ft in 2013 using the Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig (formerly GSF Adriatic X1 Offshore jack-up rig). The well led to the discovery of new productive gas and oil zones. BlueCrest and Buccaneer further acquired the neighbouring leases held by Apache that year. Cosmopolitan oil and gas field reserves Based on an estimate made by Ralph E Davis in August 2012, the Alaskan offshore oil and gas field is estimated to hold proved and probable (2P) reserves of approximately 55. 2 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMboe). Cosmopolitan field development The initial development plan being implemented at the Cosmopolitan field involves vertical drilling of offshore gas wells and water injection wells using the Endeavour rig to target the shallow gas formations, which are not reachable from onshore locations and drilling of directional wells from onshore to target the deeper oil accumulations. Two gas-only production platforms will be installed at the offshore site, which will be tied back to the existing onshore site by means of subsea pipelines. Each of the two platforms will have a designed dry gas production capacity of 30 million standard cubic feet a day (MMscfd), feature a 12-man temporary quarter, a helideck, a crane and a flare boom. Gas produced from the field will be conveyed to the gas transportation line owned by Enstar, whereas oil will be conveyed to the Tesoro Kenai refinery using trucks. Offshore drilling activities are expected to continue until April 2016. In May 2015, the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority (AIDEA) Board consented to provide a loan of up to $30m to BlueCrest Energy to acquire an onshore drilling rig for the project. Details of the drilling rigs Prior to the start of operations at the field, the Endeavour rig was upgraded at Keppel FELS’ Singapore shipyard and additional repairs were completed at Homer Deep Water Dock. The rig is capable of operating in water depths of up to 300ft and drill to a depth up to 25, 000ft. It has accommodation facilities for 100 people and can be used in temperatures as low as -10°F. The proposed onshore drilling rig for the field is a 3, 000HP unit, which will be capable of drilling to depths of more than 30, 000ft. Contractors involved with the Cook Inlet Basin offshore field The drilling contractor for the project is Spartan Offshore Drilling. A full rig condition survey for the Endeavour rig was performed by Global Offshore Engineering (GOE) in December 2014. The Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig is owned by Kenai Offshore Ventures (KOV), which is comprised Terra Investments and Ezion Holdings, and is chartered by Kenai Drilling, a subsidiary of BlueCrest Energy. Recommended White Papers Whitepaper Transitioning from Project Execution to Asset Operation with AI Whitepaper Transforming Energy Generation Through Innovative Technologies View all Recommended Buyer's Guides Buyer's Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyer's Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×=== 2025-11-11 14:50:28 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/projects/cosmopolitan-oil-and-gas-field-cook-inlet-basin/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click | 9.34 KB ===

Cosmopolitan Oil and Gas Field, Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska, US - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content The Cosmopolitan oil and gas field is located in the southern part of the Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska. The Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig is drilling the offshore wells at the Cosmopolitan oil and gas field. Credit: Business Wire. The Endeavour rig is capable of operating in water depths of up to 300ft and drill to a depth up to 25, 000ft. Credit: Global Offshore Engineering. The Cosmopolitan oil and gas field is located in the southern part of the Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska. The Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig is drilling the offshore wells at the Cosmopolitan oil and gas field. Credit: Business Wire. Cosmopolitan oil and gas field is located in the southern part of the Cook Inlet Basin, Alaska, US, in close proximity to the shoreline at Anchor Point on the Kenai Peninsula. Water depth at the field is approximately 80ft. Recommended Buyers Guides Buyers Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyers Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all The oil and gas field is solely owned and operated by Bluecrest Energy, which acquired Buccaneer’s 25% share in the project in 2014. The first oil from the project is expected in 2016. Discovery and drilling activities at the Cosmopolitan field Pennzoil discovered the Cosmopolitan oil and gas field in 1967 by drilling the first exploration well, which flowed at a rate of 75 barrels of oil per day (bpd). It was followed by the drilling of the Hansen 1 and Hansen 1A wells by ConocoPhillips in 2001 and 2003 respectively. Pioneer Natural Resources conducted a 3D seismic survey of the entire field area in 2005 and drilled the Hansen 1AL1 well in 2007, which produced 35, 000 barrels of oil. The wells drilled by ConocoPhillips and Pioneer were directionally drilled from an onshore location, approximately three miles from the field. Pioneer Natural Resources sold its 100% share in the project to BlueCrest (75%) and Buccaneer (25%) in August 2012. BlueCrest and Buccaneer drilled the Cosmopolitan 1 vertical well to a total depth of 7, 599ft in 2013 using the Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig (formerly GSF Adriatic X1 Offshore jack-up rig). The well led to the discovery of new productive gas and oil zones. BlueCrest and Buccaneer further acquired the neighbouring leases held by Apache that year. Cosmopolitan oil and gas field reserves Based on an estimate made by Ralph E Davis in August 2012, the Alaskan offshore oil and gas field is estimated to hold proved and probable (2P) reserves of approximately 55. 2 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMboe). Cosmopolitan field development The initial development plan being implemented at the Cosmopolitan field involves vertical drilling of offshore gas wells and water injection wells using the Endeavour rig to target the shallow gas formations, which are not reachable from onshore locations and drilling of directional wells from onshore to target the deeper oil accumulations. Two gas-only production platforms will be installed at the offshore site, which will be tied back to the existing onshore site by means of subsea pipelines. Each of the two platforms will have a designed dry gas production capacity of 30 million standard cubic feet a day (MMscfd), feature a 12-man temporary quarter, a helideck, a crane and a flare boom. Gas produced from the field will be conveyed to the gas transportation line owned by Enstar, whereas oil will be conveyed to the Tesoro Kenai refinery using trucks. Offshore drilling activities are expected to continue until April 2016. In May 2015, the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority (AIDEA) Board consented to provide a loan of up to $30m to BlueCrest Energy to acquire an onshore drilling rig for the project. Details of the drilling rigs Prior to the start of operations at the field, the Endeavour rig was upgraded at Keppel FELS’ Singapore shipyard and additional repairs were completed at Homer Deep Water Dock. The rig is capable of operating in water depths of up to 300ft and drill to a depth up to 25, 000ft. It has accommodation facilities for 100 people and can be used in temperatures as low as -10°F. The proposed onshore drilling rig for the field is a 3, 000HP unit, which will be capable of drilling to depths of more than 30, 000ft. Contractors involved with the Cook Inlet Basin offshore field The drilling contractor for the project is Spartan Offshore Drilling. A full rig condition survey for the Endeavour rig was performed by Global Offshore Engineering (GOE) in December 2014. The Endeavour – Spirit of Independence jack-up rig is owned by Kenai Offshore Ventures (KOV), which is comprised Terra Investments and Ezion Holdings, and is chartered by Kenai Drilling, a subsidiary of BlueCrest Energy. Recommended White Papers Whitepaper Transitioning from Project Execution to Asset Operation with AI Whitepaper Transforming Energy Generation Through Innovative Technologies View all Recommended Buyer's Guides Buyer's Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyer's Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices × × × × × × × ×




##### Sapura Energy signs farm-in agreements for offshore exploration permits — https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/sapura-upstream-signs-farm-agreements-three-exploration-permits/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click
Sapura Energy signs farm-in agreements for offshore exploration permits Skip to site menu Skip to page content An offshore platform. Credit: wsquared photography & creative Malaysia-based Sapura Upstream has signed farm-in agreements for three offshore exploration permits held by Australian oil and gas company Finder Exploration. With the farm-in agreements, Sapura Upstream enters the Australian oil and gas sector. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Quarterly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review ÔÇô Yinson, Techn. . . Reports Monthly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review – Yinson Clover’s F. . . Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Sapura Energy president and group CEO Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Shahril Shamsuddin said: “Our entry into Australia marks another significant milestone for our upstream business as we continue to pursue growth in line with our strategy to expand our portfolio and acreage position. “Our joint venture with Finder is a demonstration of the trust and recognition for both our shallow and deep-water capabilities, technical skills and geological expertise. ” After closing of the farm-in agreements, Sapura Upstream will buy a 70% interest in all three exploration blocks consisting of EP 483 & TP/25, WA-412-P and AC/P 61 and assume operatorship. “Our joint venture with Finder is a demonstration of the trust and recognition for both our shallow and deep-water capabilities, technical skills and geological expertise. ” The remaining 30% stake in these permits will continue to be owned by Finder. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The three blocks are located in the North West Shelf oil and gas province off Western Australia. The joint venture (JV) will drill two exploration wells in the Carnarvon Basin permits from 2019 to 2020, besides acquiring seismic data in the AC/P61 permit in 2019 to mature the potential drilling sites. Both EP 483 & TP/25 and WA-412-P permits are located in the shallow waters of Carnarvon Basin. Located in the Vulcan Sub-basin, the AC/P 61 permit is surrounded by oil and gas discoveries and contains several prospects and leads. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Quarterly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review ÔÇô Yinson, Techn. . . Reports Monthly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review – Yinson Clover’s F. . . Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices

##### Cook Oil Field Project, North Sea Central - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/projects/cook/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click
Cook Oil Field Project, North Sea Central - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Fabrication of the pipeline. The pipe-in-pipe fabrication base at Evanton. The CSO Apache was used to lay the pipe. A seismic section, through the reservoir. Pipe from the stern of the Apache. Sedco 711, drilling on Cook. Bundles of pipeline, ready to be joined. Fabrication of the pipeline. The pipe-in-pipe fabrication base at Evanton. The Cook Field comprises an oil trap in a simple domal structure, formed by salt at depth. A single exploration well, 21/2Oa-2, has been drilled into the structure, down-dip of the crest. Oil is trapped in a single sandstone reservoir, of late Jurassic age, with an oil / water contact defined in the discovery well without a gas cap. Recommended White Papers Whitepaper Øresund Link Whitepaper Maersk Innovator – Offshore Rig Upgrade View all Recommended Buyers Guides Buyers Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyers Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all The Cook structure measures approximately 2km x 2km and dips to the NW and NE by faulting to the cast and sand-pinching, towards the south-west. The southern part of the structure known as ‘Cook South’ has more development risks than the Cook Main core area closer to the 2112Oa-2 well. Thus, the Cook two-well development plan is centred on Cook Main. Reserves "The peak oil rate is expected to be 20, 000b/d, with reserves put at between 12 and 23 million bbl of oil and l5 BCF of gas. " The oil has a gravity of 35° API. The reservoir is highly over-pressured, with an initial reservoir pressure of 9, 7OOpsi and a bubble point of approximately 3400psia. The peak oil rate is expected to be 20, 000b/d, with reserves put at between 12 and 23 million bbl of oil and l5 BCF of gas. Field life is four to five years. Development scheme The recovery mechanism used for the development is natural depletion. The scheme requires up to two near-vertical, subsea production wells; one available at first oil and, if necessary, the second approximately one year later. Gas-lift capability is included in the production wells in the event of water production. The Cook subsea trees will be dual bore, rated to a maximum working pressure of 10, 000psi, which is suitable for the maximum wellhead shut-in pressure of 6, 700psi. The trees will be installed with flow bases and locked into the wellheads using 183 4in 10, 000psi hydraulic connectors. The wells will be connected to the Cook drill centre using rigid spools. A manifold structure will be positioned on the seabed to carry terminations for the well controls, pipelines and valves. Production from the wells will be commingled at the manifold and flow through a cooling loop. They will then enter a single 8in line within a carrier pipe, to Anasuria. A 3in utility line will carry methanol to the wells from Anasuria at the start of field lift. In the later years, the utility line may be used to carry lift gas to the wells. A single control umbilical will be installed between the Teal cluster and the Cock manifold. The umbilical will supply hydrate, wax, scale and corrosion-inhibition chemicals. At the Anasuria riser base manifold, the wellstream enters the Anasuria turret via a 6in flexible pliant wave riser (a second pliant wave is used for methanol or gas lift going the other way). The wellstream will be fed into an existing separator, which will be dedicated to Cook. This separator is large enough to act as a slugcatcher. Gas from the Cook separator will be mixed with Teal and Guillemot A gas for treatment, compression, metering and export. A portion of Cook gas will also be used as fuel. The contract specified that the riser pull-in operations had to be diverless and the flexible risers had to be installed while the Anasuria was live. The decision to use the Apache to deliver the pipe-in-pipe made this the first reeled line of its kind in the North Sea. Installation The pipeline was installed under an EPIC contract from Coflexip Stena Offshore Limited (CSOL), using the Apache reelbarge. This was the first time that pipe-in-pipe was installed in such a way in the North Sea and it was carried out in two journeys. Recommended White Papers Whitepaper Øresund Link Whitepaper Maersk Innovator – Offshore Rig Upgrade View all Recommended Buyer's Guides Buyer's Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyer's Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices=== 2025-11-11 14:50:28 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/sapura-upstream-signs-farm-agreements-three-exploration-permits/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click | 7.15 KB ===

Sapura Energy signs farm-in agreements for offshore exploration permits Skip to site menu Skip to page content An offshore platform. Credit: wsquared photography & creative Malaysia-based Sapura Upstream has signed farm-in agreements for three offshore exploration permits held by Australian oil and gas company Finder Exploration. With the farm-in agreements, Sapura Upstream enters the Australian oil and gas sector. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Quarterly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review ÔÇô Yinson, Techn. . . Reports Monthly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review – Yinson Clover’s F. . . Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more Sapura Energy president and group CEO Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Shahril Shamsuddin said: “Our entry into Australia marks another significant milestone for our upstream business as we continue to pursue growth in line with our strategy to expand our portfolio and acreage position. “Our joint venture with Finder is a demonstration of the trust and recognition for both our shallow and deep-water capabilities, technical skills and geological expertise. ” After closing of the farm-in agreements, Sapura Upstream will buy a 70% interest in all three exploration blocks consisting of EP 483 & TP/25, WA-412-P and AC/P 61 and assume operatorship. “Our joint venture with Finder is a demonstration of the trust and recognition for both our shallow and deep-water capabilities, technical skills and geological expertise. ” The remaining 30% stake in these permits will continue to be owned by Finder. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The three blocks are located in the North West Shelf oil and gas province off Western Australia. The joint venture (JV) will drill two exploration wells in the Carnarvon Basin permits from 2019 to 2020, besides acquiring seismic data in the AC/P61 permit in 2019 to mature the potential drilling sites. Both EP 483 & TP/25 and WA-412-P permits are located in the shallow waters of Carnarvon Basin. Located in the Vulcan Sub-basin, the AC/P 61 permit is surrounded by oil and gas discoveries and contains several prospects and leads. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Quarterly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review ÔÇô Yinson, Techn. . . Reports Monthly Oil & Gas Industry Contracts Review – Yinson Clover’s F. . . Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


=== 2025-11-11 14:51:03 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/projects/cook/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click | 8.62 KB ===

Cook Oil Field Project, North Sea Central - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content Fabrication of the pipeline. The pipe-in-pipe fabrication base at Evanton. The CSO Apache was used to lay the pipe. A seismic section, through the reservoir. Pipe from the stern of the Apache. Sedco 711, drilling on Cook. Bundles of pipeline, ready to be joined. Fabrication of the pipeline. The pipe-in-pipe fabrication base at Evanton. The Cook Field comprises an oil trap in a simple domal structure, formed by salt at depth. A single exploration well, 21/2Oa-2, has been drilled into the structure, down-dip of the crest. Oil is trapped in a single sandstone reservoir, of late Jurassic age, with an oil / water contact defined in the discovery well without a gas cap. Recommended White Papers Whitepaper Øresund Link Whitepaper Maersk Innovator – Offshore Rig Upgrade View all Recommended Buyers Guides Buyers Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyers Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all The Cook structure measures approximately 2km x 2km and dips to the NW and NE by faulting to the cast and sand-pinching, towards the south-west. The southern part of the structure known as ‘Cook South’ has more development risks than the Cook Main core area closer to the 2112Oa-2 well. Thus, the Cook two-well development plan is centred on Cook Main. Reserves "The peak oil rate is expected to be 20, 000b/d, with reserves put at between 12 and 23 million bbl of oil and l5 BCF of gas. " The oil has a gravity of 35° API. The reservoir is highly over-pressured, with an initial reservoir pressure of 9, 7OOpsi and a bubble point of approximately 3400psia. The peak oil rate is expected to be 20, 000b/d, with reserves put at between 12 and 23 million bbl of oil and l5 BCF of gas. Field life is four to five years. Development scheme The recovery mechanism used for the development is natural depletion. The scheme requires up to two near-vertical, subsea production wells; one available at first oil and, if necessary, the second approximately one year later. Gas-lift capability is included in the production wells in the event of water production. The Cook subsea trees will be dual bore, rated to a maximum working pressure of 10, 000psi, which is suitable for the maximum wellhead shut-in pressure of 6, 700psi. The trees will be installed with flow bases and locked into the wellheads using 183 4in 10, 000psi hydraulic connectors. The wells will be connected to the Cook drill centre using rigid spools. A manifold structure will be positioned on the seabed to carry terminations for the well controls, pipelines and valves. Production from the wells will be commingled at the manifold and flow through a cooling loop. They will then enter a single 8in line within a carrier pipe, to Anasuria. A 3in utility line will carry methanol to the wells from Anasuria at the start of field lift. In the later years, the utility line may be used to carry lift gas to the wells. A single control umbilical will be installed between the Teal cluster and the Cock manifold. The umbilical will supply hydrate, wax, scale and corrosion-inhibition chemicals. At the Anasuria riser base manifold, the wellstream enters the Anasuria turret via a 6in flexible pliant wave riser (a second pliant wave is used for methanol or gas lift going the other way). The wellstream will be fed into an existing separator, which will be dedicated to Cook. This separator is large enough to act as a slugcatcher. Gas from the Cook separator will be mixed with Teal and Guillemot A gas for treatment, compression, metering and export. A portion of Cook gas will also be used as fuel. The contract specified that the riser pull-in operations had to be diverless and the flexible risers had to be installed while the Anasuria was live. The decision to use the Apache to deliver the pipe-in-pipe made this the first reeled line of its kind in the North Sea. Installation The pipeline was installed under an EPIC contract from Coflexip Stena Offshore Limited (CSOL), using the Apache reelbarge. This was the first time that pipe-in-pipe was installed in such a way in the North Sea and it was carried out in two journeys. Recommended White Papers Whitepaper Øresund Link Whitepaper Maersk Innovator – Offshore Rig Upgrade View all Recommended Buyer's Guides Buyer's Guide Offshore servicing in the oil and gas industry Buyer's Guide Material handling solutions for the oil and gas industry View all Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. × × × × × × × × Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices




##### Saudi Arabia ready to mine the future as it looks beyond oil - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/features/saudi-arabia-ready-to-mine-the-future-as-it-looks-beyond-oil/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click
Saudi Arabia ready to mine the future as it looks beyond oil - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content In 2019, Saudi Arabia launched Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels. Credit: shaifulzamri via Getty Images. Saudi Arabia – a nation built upon the extraction and export of hydrocarbons – is facing a series of challenges as it tries to gradually transition away from fossil fuels and diversify its economy. Its developing mining and minerals sector will play a huge part in that process. It is now the second-largest crude oil producer – sitting just ahead of Russia and below the US – with the desert nation extracting almost 12. 5 million barrels of oil a day (mbbl/d) from its vast proven reserves of around 267. 19 billion barrels (bbbl). Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more The kingdom remains heavily reliant on oil revenues to fund government spending and push forward with large infrastructure projects planned under its Vision 2030 strategy, announced in 2016 and aimed at refocusing its economy away from oil. However, the kingdom is about to make a substantial investment in its mining sector, banking on growing demand for energy transition minerals such as lithium, cobalt and nickel, as well as gold and some rare earth metals. According to GlobalData’s Market Assessment of Mining Industry in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 2023 report, the nation is well positioned to become a leading mineral commodity supplier and a major player in the global mining industry, thanks to massive natural resources and a number of government initiatives. Saudi Arabia’s General Authority for Statistics (GASTAT) revealed that the mining and quarrying industry contributed around 35. 73% of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2021, a percentage that is set to grow. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The kingdom’s mining production also saw a yearly rise of 0. 40% in October 2024, with levels remaining steady since 2016, according to GASTAT, while its mining GDP rose to $58bn (SR217. 5bn) in the third quarter of 2024 (Q3 2024) from $56bn in Q2. In 2016, Saudi Arabia revealed Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels and support (among other industries such as tourism and technology) the mining sector, targeting an increase in mining’s GDP contribution from $17bn in 2019 to $75bn in 2035. Pat Thaker, editorial director (Middle East and Africa) at the Economist Intelligence Unit, the research division of the Economist Group, told GlobalData, Mining Technology ’s parent company, that “Vision 2030 aims to reduce the kingdom’s heavy economic dependence on oil”. Saudi Arabia has two distinct advantages when it comes to large projects: extensive financial resources, and freedom from lengthy bureaucratic processes and prolonged decision-making, Thaker said. According to additional GlobalData research published in May 2024, the Saudi mining sector is expected to expand substantially in the coming years, with the kingdom actively seeking mining collaborations. In November, it signed nine metals and mining investment deals with a total value of $9. 3bn, seen as another step in the Vision 2030 plan, which aims to attract $100bn annually in foreign investment by 2030. In January 2024, the Saudi Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources signed memorandums of understanding with four countries – Egypt, Morocco, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Russia – to enable shared initiatives and knowledge transfer. Saudi Arabia’s vast mineral wealth According to Saudi Arabia’s National Centre for Industrial and Mining Information, the country’s mineral wealth was estimated at SR9. 4trn as of April 2024. Its non-oil sectors accounted for more than 50% of GDP for the first time in 2023, up from 47. 4% in 2015. “Mining is a small industry now, but we are looking to quadruple the size of the sector by 2030, and we are already hitting the targets we set for 2025, ” said Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Al-Mudaifer, speaking to a US media outlet in early December, added that the “mining and minerals sector will be able to provide the necessary materials for our own domestic needs, under the National Minerals Program, which will drive growth in the mining sector and capitalise on the kingdom’s vast mineral wealth. ” Trillions needed for investment Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, addressing Resourcing Tomorrow in London in December. Credit: Caroline Peachey. In a separate speech given in early December at the Resourcing Tomorrow conference in London, Al-Mudaifer also highlighted the sector’s underperformance in exploration and volatile commodity markets – and perhaps most important – the need to acquire trillions of dollars in investments over the next few years. “For Saudi Arabia, resourcing tomorrow is not just a concept, it is our legacy. The discovery of our oil reserves transformed not just our nation but also the global energy markets. It taught us the value of responsible resource management, long before sustainability become a global imperative, ” he said. To meet the surging demand driven by the energy transition, the mineral sector “requires about $6trn of investment by 2035, or four-times the market capitalisation the top 20 mining companies in the sector”. He added that to “bridge this gap, the industry means to attract significant new capital, potentially opening doors for new players including sovereign funds, and oil and gas companies. ” “The sector also faces a major talent gap, as an experienced generation of operators, geologists and engineers are retiring, with a lack of investment during the 1990s now impacting the industry, ” he continued. He estimated that Saudi Arabia would need “maybe 400 mining professionals and engineers to work in the industry, while numbers working the industry globally has been on the decline”. The challenges are “enormous” Speaking earlier in 2024, Al-Mudaifer admitted that Saudi Arabia faces “enormous challenges” and the kingdom needs “to go ten-times faster for our development of minerals and mining”. He outlined three challenges the country faces: policy, innovation and material supplies. With mining being “one of the least-trusted industries, we still need to streamline permitting processes if we are to deliver on the material transition. We also need clearer and quicker policies on recycling of minerals. ” As for innovation, “we need to do more recycling of materials, particularly batteries. We also need improved technology for extraction. ” When it comes to materials, “we need a supply that will cover the quadrupling of production”. The need to de-risk Saudi Arabia’s untapped mineral resources include key commodities such as bauxite, copper, gold, lithium, magnesium, silver, zinc and several rare earth elements – all materials needed for electric vehicles and renewable energy projects. “The energy transition will require minerals, lots more minerals, ” added Al-Mudaifer, “and to get hold of them, you need more supply, and that requires investment, infrastructure, policy change and innovation”, as this will help “de-risk whatever risks might be”. Minerals “need to come from a new jurisdiction and Saudi Arabia is just such a place, ” he added. One of its first moves was to make itself “attractive to investors and offer an investor journey. The investor is the king for us. ” The kingdom invested heavily in offering new information to any organisation looking to come into the country, and the “Saudi Geological Survey [SGS] has also helped us attract investors, as well as helping us discover new mineral resources, including rare earth metals”, he added. According to recent data from the SGS, previous mining operations identified more than 5, 300 mineral locations. As of January 2022, Saudi Arabia had a total of 1, 990 mining licences including 32 reconnaissance, 633 exploration, 165 exploitation and 1, 160 building and material quarry licences. Leveraging mineral wealth, reliable supply chains The Saudi Minerals Programme, revealed in early 2024, is aimed at leveraging mineral wealth to ensure reliable supply chains and sustainable economic development. It will focus on de-risking exploration investments in the nation, facilitate new discoveries within existing facilities and encourage greenfield projects. This is expected to attract junior miners and foster partnerships with international investors. Bandar Ibrahim Alkhorayef, Saudi Ariabia’s Minister of Industry and Mineral Resources, said in July the programme – part of the nation’s broader strategy to maximise the value derived from its mining sector – has a pivotal role in ensuring a steady supply for local industries and significant projects. Golden future Last year, Saudi Arabia was the 27th-biggest gold producer, with output up by 16% from the previous year, according to GlobalData. Gold production is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 6% between 2023 and 2027. This will be aided by the start-up of projects like Saudi Arabian Mining Company’s (Ma’aden’s) Mansourah and Massarah project. Ma’aden announced the find in December 2023. According to Ma’aden figures, at the end of 2023, the volume of gold reserves in the region was estimated to be seven million ounces, with an annual production capacity of 250, 000oz. GlobalData research indicates gold deposits can be found throughout Saudi Arabia’s Central Arabian Gold Region, which stretches from the Red Sea coast to the country’s heart, and in September 2022, the SGS confirmed the discovery of huge deposits of gold in the Aba al-Raha locality of Medina. Jonathan Cordero, CEO of Saudi Gold Refinery, one of Saudi Arabia’s leading gold refining and mining companies, said: “In Saudi Arabia, mining is seen as the third pillar, which means there is other pillars. And so, it is a holistic approach of transforming the entire ecosystem, the entire economy. I think that is exactly the right approach. ” He was speaking at the Resourcing Tomorrow event. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices=== 2025-11-11 14:55:37 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/features/saudi-arabia-ready-to-mine-the-future-as-it-looks-beyond-oil/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click | 15.23 KB ===

Saudi Arabia ready to mine the future as it looks beyond oil - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content In 2019, Saudi Arabia launched Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels. Credit: shaifulzamri via Getty Images. Saudi Arabia – a nation built upon the extraction and export of hydrocarbons – is facing a series of challenges as it tries to gradually transition away from fossil fuels and diversify its economy. Its developing mining and minerals sector will play a huge part in that process. It is now the second-largest crude oil producer – sitting just ahead of Russia and below the US – with the desert nation extracting almost 12. 5 million barrels of oil a day (mbbl/d) from its vast proven reserves of around 267. 19 billion barrels (bbbl). Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more The kingdom remains heavily reliant on oil revenues to fund government spending and push forward with large infrastructure projects planned under its Vision 2030 strategy, announced in 2016 and aimed at refocusing its economy away from oil. However, the kingdom is about to make a substantial investment in its mining sector, banking on growing demand for energy transition minerals such as lithium, cobalt and nickel, as well as gold and some rare earth metals. According to GlobalData’s Market Assessment of Mining Industry in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 2023 report, the nation is well positioned to become a leading mineral commodity supplier and a major player in the global mining industry, thanks to massive natural resources and a number of government initiatives. Saudi Arabia’s General Authority for Statistics (GASTAT) revealed that the mining and quarrying industry contributed around 35. 73% of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2021, a percentage that is set to grow. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The kingdom’s mining production also saw a yearly rise of 0. 40% in October 2024, with levels remaining steady since 2016, according to GASTAT, while its mining GDP rose to $58bn (SR217. 5bn) in the third quarter of 2024 (Q3 2024) from $56bn in Q2. In 2016, Saudi Arabia revealed Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels and support (among other industries such as tourism and technology) the mining sector, targeting an increase in mining’s GDP contribution from $17bn in 2019 to $75bn in 2035. Pat Thaker, editorial director (Middle East and Africa) at the Economist Intelligence Unit, the research division of the Economist Group, told GlobalData, Mining Technology ’s parent company, that “Vision 2030 aims to reduce the kingdom’s heavy economic dependence on oil”. Saudi Arabia has two distinct advantages when it comes to large projects: extensive financial resources, and freedom from lengthy bureaucratic processes and prolonged decision-making, Thaker said. According to additional GlobalData research published in May 2024, the Saudi mining sector is expected to expand substantially in the coming years, with the kingdom actively seeking mining collaborations. In November, it signed nine metals and mining investment deals with a total value of $9. 3bn, seen as another step in the Vision 2030 plan, which aims to attract $100bn annually in foreign investment by 2030. In January 2024, the Saudi Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources signed memorandums of understanding with four countries – Egypt, Morocco, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Russia – to enable shared initiatives and knowledge transfer. Saudi Arabia’s vast mineral wealth According to Saudi Arabia’s National Centre for Industrial and Mining Information, the country’s mineral wealth was estimated at SR9. 4trn as of April 2024. Its non-oil sectors accounted for more than 50% of GDP for the first time in 2023, up from 47. 4% in 2015. “Mining is a small industry now, but we are looking to quadruple the size of the sector by 2030, and we are already hitting the targets we set for 2025, ” said Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Al-Mudaifer, speaking to a US media outlet in early December, added that the “mining and minerals sector will be able to provide the necessary materials for our own domestic needs, under the National Minerals Program, which will drive growth in the mining sector and capitalise on the kingdom’s vast mineral wealth. ” Trillions needed for investment Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, addressing Resourcing Tomorrow in London in December. Credit: Caroline Peachey. In a separate speech given in early December at the Resourcing Tomorrow conference in London, Al-Mudaifer also highlighted the sector’s underperformance in exploration and volatile commodity markets – and perhaps most important – the need to acquire trillions of dollars in investments over the next few years. “For Saudi Arabia, resourcing tomorrow is not just a concept, it is our legacy. The discovery of our oil reserves transformed not just our nation but also the global energy markets. It taught us the value of responsible resource management, long before sustainability become a global imperative, ” he said. To meet the surging demand driven by the energy transition, the mineral sector “requires about $6trn of investment by 2035, or four-times the market capitalisation the top 20 mining companies in the sector”. He added that to “bridge this gap, the industry means to attract significant new capital, potentially opening doors for new players including sovereign funds, and oil and gas companies. ” “The sector also faces a major talent gap, as an experienced generation of operators, geologists and engineers are retiring, with a lack of investment during the 1990s now impacting the industry, ” he continued. He estimated that Saudi Arabia would need “maybe 400 mining professionals and engineers to work in the industry, while numbers working the industry globally has been on the decline”. The challenges are “enormous” Speaking earlier in 2024, Al-Mudaifer admitted that Saudi Arabia faces “enormous challenges” and the kingdom needs “to go ten-times faster for our development of minerals and mining”. He outlined three challenges the country faces: policy, innovation and material supplies. With mining being “one of the least-trusted industries, we still need to streamline permitting processes if we are to deliver on the material transition. We also need clearer and quicker policies on recycling of minerals. ” As for innovation, “we need to do more recycling of materials, particularly batteries. We also need improved technology for extraction. ” When it comes to materials, “we need a supply that will cover the quadrupling of production”. The need to de-risk Saudi Arabia’s untapped mineral resources include key commodities such as bauxite, copper, gold, lithium, magnesium, silver, zinc and several rare earth elements – all materials needed for electric vehicles and renewable energy projects. “The energy transition will require minerals, lots more minerals, ” added Al-Mudaifer, “and to get hold of them, you need more supply, and that requires investment, infrastructure, policy change and innovation”, as this will help “de-risk whatever risks might be”. Minerals “need to come from a new jurisdiction and Saudi Arabia is just such a place, ” he added. One of its first moves was to make itself “attractive to investors and offer an investor journey. The investor is the king for us. ” The kingdom invested heavily in offering new information to any organisation looking to come into the country, and the “Saudi Geological Survey [SGS] has also helped us attract investors, as well as helping us discover new mineral resources, including rare earth metals”, he added. According to recent data from the SGS, previous mining operations identified more than 5, 300 mineral locations. As of January 2022, Saudi Arabia had a total of 1, 990 mining licences including 32 reconnaissance, 633 exploration, 165 exploitation and 1, 160 building and material quarry licences. Leveraging mineral wealth, reliable supply chains The Saudi Minerals Programme, revealed in early 2024, is aimed at leveraging mineral wealth to ensure reliable supply chains and sustainable economic development. It will focus on de-risking exploration investments in the nation, facilitate new discoveries within existing facilities and encourage greenfield projects. This is expected to attract junior miners and foster partnerships with international investors. Bandar Ibrahim Alkhorayef, Saudi Ariabia’s Minister of Industry and Mineral Resources, said in July the programme – part of the nation’s broader strategy to maximise the value derived from its mining sector – has a pivotal role in ensuring a steady supply for local industries and significant projects. Golden future Last year, Saudi Arabia was the 27th-biggest gold producer, with output up by 16% from the previous year, according to GlobalData. Gold production is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 6% between 2023 and 2027. This will be aided by the start-up of projects like Saudi Arabian Mining Company’s (Ma’aden’s) Mansourah and Massarah project. Ma’aden announced the find in December 2023. According to Ma’aden figures, at the end of 2023, the volume of gold reserves in the region was estimated to be seven million ounces, with an annual production capacity of 250, 000oz. GlobalData research indicates gold deposits can be found throughout Saudi Arabia’s Central Arabian Gold Region, which stretches from the Red Sea coast to the country’s heart, and in September 2022, the SGS confirmed the discovery of huge deposits of gold in the Aba al-Raha locality of Medina. Jonathan Cordero, CEO of Saudi Gold Refinery, one of Saudi Arabia’s leading gold refining and mining companies, said: “In Saudi Arabia, mining is seen as the third pillar, which means there is other pillars. And so, it is a holistic approach of transforming the entire ecosystem, the entire economy. I think that is exactly the right approach. ” He was speaking at the Resourcing Tomorrow event. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices




# --- https://www.offshore-technology.com/features/saudi-arabia-ready-to-mine-the-future-as-it-looks-beyond-oil/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click ---
Saudi Arabia ready to mine the future as it looks beyond oil - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content In 2019, Saudi Arabia launched Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels. Credit: shaifulzamri via Getty Images. Saudi Arabia – a nation built upon the extraction and export of hydrocarbons – is facing a series of challenges as it tries to gradually transition away from fossil fuels and diversify its economy. Its developing mining and minerals sector will play a huge part in that process. It is now the second-largest crude oil producer – sitting just ahead of Russia and below the US – with the desert nation extracting almost 12. 5 million barrels of oil a day (mbbl/d) from its vast proven reserves of around 267. 19 billion barrels (bbbl). Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more The kingdom remains heavily reliant on oil revenues to fund government spending and push forward with large infrastructure projects planned under its Vision 2030 strategy, announced in 2016 and aimed at refocusing its economy away from oil. However, the kingdom is about to make a substantial investment in its mining sector, banking on growing demand for energy transition minerals such as lithium, cobalt and nickel, as well as gold and some rare earth metals. According to GlobalData’s Market Assessment of Mining Industry in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 2023 report, the nation is well positioned to become a leading mineral commodity supplier and a major player in the global mining industry, thanks to massive natural resources and a number of government initiatives. Saudi Arabia’s General Authority for Statistics (GASTAT) revealed that the mining and quarrying industry contributed around 35. 73% of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2021, a percentage that is set to grow. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The kingdom’s mining production also saw a yearly rise of 0. 40% in October 2024, with levels remaining steady since 2016, according to GASTAT, while its mining GDP rose to $58bn (SR217. 5bn) in the third quarter of 2024 (Q3 2024) from $56bn in Q2. In 2016, Saudi Arabia revealed Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels and support (among other industries such as tourism and technology) the mining sector, targeting an increase in mining’s GDP contribution from $17bn in 2019 to $75bn in 2035. Pat Thaker, editorial director (Middle East and Africa) at the Economist Intelligence Unit, the research division of the Economist Group, told GlobalData, Mining Technology ’s parent company, that “Vision 2030 aims to reduce the kingdom’s heavy economic dependence on oil”. Saudi Arabia has two distinct advantages when it comes to large projects: extensive financial resources, and freedom from lengthy bureaucratic processes and prolonged decision-making, Thaker said. According to additional GlobalData research published in May 2024, the Saudi mining sector is expected to expand substantially in the coming years, with the kingdom actively seeking mining collaborations. In November, it signed nine metals and mining investment deals with a total value of $9. 3bn, seen as another step in the Vision 2030 plan, which aims to attract $100bn annually in foreign investment by 2030. In January 2024, the Saudi Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources signed memorandums of understanding with four countries – Egypt, Morocco, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Russia – to enable shared initiatives and knowledge transfer. Saudi Arabia’s vast mineral wealth According to Saudi Arabia’s National Centre for Industrial and Mining Information, the country’s mineral wealth was estimated at SR9. 4trn as of April 2024. Its non-oil sectors accounted for more than 50% of GDP for the first time in 2023, up from 47. 4% in 2015. “Mining is a small industry now, but we are looking to quadruple the size of the sector by 2030, and we are already hitting the targets we set for 2025, ” said Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Al-Mudaifer, speaking to a US media outlet in early December, added that the “mining and minerals sector will be able to provide the necessary materials for our own domestic needs, under the National Minerals Program, which will drive growth in the mining sector and capitalise on the kingdom’s vast mineral wealth. ” Trillions needed for investment Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, addressing Resourcing Tomorrow in London in December. Credit: Caroline Peachey. In a separate speech given in early December at the Resourcing Tomorrow conference in London, Al-Mudaifer also highlighted the sector’s underperformance in exploration and volatile commodity markets – and perhaps most important – the need to acquire trillions of dollars in investments over the next few years. “For Saudi Arabia, resourcing tomorrow is not just a concept, it is our legacy. The discovery of our oil reserves transformed not just our nation but also the global energy markets. It taught us the value of responsible resource management, long before sustainability become a global imperative, ” he said. To meet the surging demand driven by the energy transition, the mineral sector “requires about $6trn of investment by 2035, or four-times the market capitalisation the top 20 mining companies in the sector”. He added that to “bridge this gap, the industry means to attract significant new capital, potentially opening doors for new players including sovereign funds, and oil and gas companies. ” “The sector also faces a major talent gap, as an experienced generation of operators, geologists and engineers are retiring, with a lack of investment during the 1990s now impacting the industry, ” he continued. He estimated that Saudi Arabia would need “maybe 400 mining professionals and engineers to work in the industry, while numbers working the industry globally has been on the decline”. The challenges are “enormous” Speaking earlier in 2024, Al-Mudaifer admitted that Saudi Arabia faces “enormous challenges” and the kingdom needs “to go ten-times faster for our development of minerals and mining”. He outlined three challenges the country faces: policy, innovation and material supplies. With mining being “one of the least-trusted industries, we still need to streamline permitting processes if we are to deliver on the material transition. We also need clearer and quicker policies on recycling of minerals. ” As for innovation, “we need to do more recycling of materials, particularly batteries. We also need improved technology for extraction. ” When it comes to materials, “we need a supply that will cover the quadrupling of production”. The need to de-risk Saudi Arabia’s untapped mineral resources include key commodities such as bauxite, copper, gold, lithium, magnesium, silver, zinc and several rare earth elements – all materials needed for electric vehicles and renewable energy projects. “The energy transition will require minerals, lots more minerals, ” added Al-Mudaifer, “and to get hold of them, you need more supply, and that requires investment, infrastructure, policy change and innovation”, as this will help “de-risk whatever risks might be”. Minerals “need to come from a new jurisdiction and Saudi Arabia is just such a place, ” he added. One of its first moves was to make itself “attractive to investors and offer an investor journey. The investor is the king for us. ” The kingdom invested heavily in offering new information to any organisation looking to come into the country, and the “Saudi Geological Survey [SGS] has also helped us attract investors, as well as helping us discover new mineral resources, including rare earth metals”, he added. According to recent data from the SGS, previous mining operations identified more than 5, 300 mineral locations. As of January 2022, Saudi Arabia had a total of 1, 990 mining licences including 32 reconnaissance, 633 exploration, 165 exploitation and 1, 160 building and material quarry licences. Leveraging mineral wealth, reliable supply chains The Saudi Minerals Programme, revealed in early 2024, is aimed at leveraging mineral wealth to ensure reliable supply chains and sustainable economic development. It will focus on de-risking exploration investments in the nation, facilitate new discoveries within existing facilities and encourage greenfield projects. This is expected to attract junior miners and foster partnerships with international investors. Bandar Ibrahim Alkhorayef, Saudi Ariabia’s Minister of Industry and Mineral Resources, said in July the programme – part of the nation’s broader strategy to maximise the value derived from its mining sector – has a pivotal role in ensuring a steady supply for local industries and significant projects. Golden future Last year, Saudi Arabia was the 27th-biggest gold producer, with output up by 16% from the previous year, according to GlobalData. Gold production is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 6% between 2023 and 2027. This will be aided by the start-up of projects like Saudi Arabian Mining Company’s (Ma’aden’s) Mansourah and Massarah project. Ma’aden announced the find in December 2023. According to Ma’aden figures, at the end of 2023, the volume of gold reserves in the region was estimated to be seven million ounces, with an annual production capacity of 250, 000oz. GlobalData research indicates gold deposits can be found throughout Saudi Arabia’s Central Arabian Gold Region, which stretches from the Red Sea coast to the country’s heart, and in September 2022, the SGS confirmed the discovery of huge deposits of gold in the Aba al-Raha locality of Medina. Jonathan Cordero, CEO of Saudi Gold Refinery, one of Saudi Arabia’s leading gold refining and mining companies, said: “In Saudi Arabia, mining is seen as the third pillar, which means there is other pillars. And so, it is a holistic approach of transforming the entire ecosystem, the entire economy. I think that is exactly the right approach. ” He was speaking at the Resourcing Tomorrow event. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Alb


##### Saudi Arabia ready to mine the future as it looks beyond oil - Offshore Technology — https://www.offshore-technology.com/features/saudi-arabia-ready-to-mine-the-future-as-it-looks-beyond-oil/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click
Saudi Arabia ready to mine the future as it looks beyond oil - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content In 2019, Saudi Arabia launched Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels. Credit: shaifulzamri via Getty Images. Saudi Arabia – a nation built upon the extraction and export of hydrocarbons – is facing a series of challenges as it tries to gradually transition away from fossil fuels and diversify its economy. Its developing mining and minerals sector will play a huge part in that process. It is now the second-largest crude oil producer – sitting just ahead of Russia and below the US – with the desert nation extracting almost 12. 5 million barrels of oil a day (mbbl/d) from its vast proven reserves of around 267. 19 billion barrels (bbbl). Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more The kingdom remains heavily reliant on oil revenues to fund government spending and push forward with large infrastructure projects planned under its Vision 2030 strategy, announced in 2016 and aimed at refocusing its economy away from oil. However, the kingdom is about to make a substantial investment in its mining sector, banking on growing demand for energy transition minerals such as lithium, cobalt and nickel, as well as gold and some rare earth metals. According to GlobalData’s Market Assessment of Mining Industry in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 2023 report, the nation is well positioned to become a leading mineral commodity supplier and a major player in the global mining industry, thanks to massive natural resources and a number of government initiatives. Saudi Arabia’s General Authority for Statistics (GASTAT) revealed that the mining and quarrying industry contributed around 35. 73% of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2021, a percentage that is set to grow. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The kingdom’s mining production also saw a yearly rise of 0. 40% in October 2024, with levels remaining steady since 2016, according to GASTAT, while its mining GDP rose to $58bn (SR217. 5bn) in the third quarter of 2024 (Q3 2024) from $56bn in Q2. In 2016, Saudi Arabia revealed Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels and support (among other industries such as tourism and technology) the mining sector, targeting an increase in mining’s GDP contribution from $17bn in 2019 to $75bn in 2035. Pat Thaker, editorial director (Middle East and Africa) at the Economist Intelligence Unit, the research division of the Economist Group, told GlobalData, Mining Technology ’s parent company, that “Vision 2030 aims to reduce the kingdom’s heavy economic dependence on oil”. Saudi Arabia has two distinct advantages when it comes to large projects: extensive financial resources, and freedom from lengthy bureaucratic processes and prolonged decision-making, Thaker said. According to additional GlobalData research published in May 2024, the Saudi mining sector is expected to expand substantially in the coming years, with the kingdom actively seeking mining collaborations. In November, it signed nine metals and mining investment deals with a total value of $9. 3bn, seen as another step in the Vision 2030 plan, which aims to attract $100bn annually in foreign investment by 2030. In January 2024, the Saudi Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources signed memorandums of understanding with four countries – Egypt, Morocco, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Russia – to enable shared initiatives and knowledge transfer. Saudi Arabia’s vast mineral wealth According to Saudi Arabia’s National Centre for Industrial and Mining Information, the country’s mineral wealth was estimated at SR9. 4trn as of April 2024. Its non-oil sectors accounted for more than 50% of GDP for the first time in 2023, up from 47. 4% in 2015. “Mining is a small industry now, but we are looking to quadruple the size of the sector by 2030, and we are already hitting the targets we set for 2025, ” said Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Al-Mudaifer, speaking to a US media outlet in early December, added that the “mining and minerals sector will be able to provide the necessary materials for our own domestic needs, under the National Minerals Program, which will drive growth in the mining sector and capitalise on the kingdom’s vast mineral wealth. ” Trillions needed for investment Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, addressing Resourcing Tomorrow in London in December. Credit: Caroline Peachey. In a separate speech given in early December at the Resourcing Tomorrow conference in London, Al-Mudaifer also highlighted the sector’s underperformance in exploration and volatile commodity markets – and perhaps most important – the need to acquire trillions of dollars in investments over the next few years. “For Saudi Arabia, resourcing tomorrow is not just a concept, it is our legacy. The discovery of our oil reserves transformed not just our nation but also the global energy markets. It taught us the value of responsible resource management, long before sustainability become a global imperative, ” he said. To meet the surging demand driven by the energy transition, the mineral sector “requires about $6trn of investment by 2035, or four-times the market capitalisation the top 20 mining companies in the sector”. He added that to “bridge this gap, the industry means to attract significant new capital, potentially opening doors for new players including sovereign funds, and oil and gas companies. ” “The sector also faces a major talent gap, as an experienced generation of operators, geologists and engineers are retiring, with a lack of investment during the 1990s now impacting the industry, ” he continued. He estimated that Saudi Arabia would need “maybe 400 mining professionals and engineers to work in the industry, while numbers working the industry globally has been on the decline”. The challenges are “enormous” Speaking earlier in 2024, Al-Mudaifer admitted that Saudi Arabia faces “enormous challenges” and the kingdom needs “to go ten-times faster for our development of minerals and mining”. He outlined three challenges the country faces: policy, innovation and material supplies. With mining being “one of the least-trusted industries, we still need to streamline permitting processes if we are to deliver on the material transition. We also need clearer and quicker policies on recycling of minerals. ” As for innovation, “we need to do more recycling of materials, particularly batteries. We also need improved technology for extraction. ” When it comes to materials, “we need a supply that will cover the quadrupling of production”. The need to de-risk Saudi Arabia’s untapped mineral resources include key commodities such as bauxite, copper, gold, lithium, magnesium, silver, zinc and several rare earth elements – all materials needed for electric vehicles and renewable energy projects. “The energy transition will require minerals, lots more minerals, ” added Al-Mudaifer, “and to get hold of them, you need more supply, and that requires investment, infrastructure, policy change and innovation”, as this will help “de-risk whatever risks might be”. Minerals “need to come from a new jurisdiction and Saudi Arabia is just such a place, ” he added. One of its first moves was to make itself “attractive to investors and offer an investor journey. The investor is the king for us. ” The kingdom invested heavily in offering new information to any organisation looking to come into the country, and the “Saudi Geological Survey [SGS] has also helped us attract investors, as well as helping us discover new mineral resources, including rare earth metals”, he added. According to recent data from the SGS, previous mining operations identified more than 5, 300 mineral locations. As of January 2022, Saudi Arabia had a total of 1, 990 mining licences including 32 reconnaissance, 633 exploration, 165 exploitation and 1, 160 building and material quarry licences. Leveraging mineral wealth, reliable supply chains The Saudi Minerals Programme, revealed in early 2024, is aimed at leveraging mineral wealth to ensure reliable supply chains and sustainable economic development. It will focus on de-risking exploration investments in the nation, facilitate new discoveries within existing facilities and encourage greenfield projects. This is expected to attract junior miners and foster partnerships with international investors. Bandar Ibrahim Alkhorayef, Saudi Ariabia’s Minister of Industry and Mineral Resources, said in July the programme – part of the nation’s broader strategy to maximise the value derived from its mining sector – has a pivotal role in ensuring a steady supply for local industries and significant projects. Golden future Last year, Saudi Arabia was the 27th-biggest gold producer, with output up by 16% from the previous year, according to GlobalData. Gold production is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 6% between 2023 and 2027. This will be aided by the start-up of projects like Saudi Arabian Mining Company’s (Ma’aden’s) Mansourah and Massarah project. Ma’aden announced the find in December 2023. According to Ma’aden figures, at the end of 2023, the volume of gold reserves in the region was estimated to be seven million ounces, with an annual production capacity of 250, 000oz. GlobalData research indicates gold deposits can be found throughout Saudi Arabia’s Central Arabian Gold Region, which stretches from the Red Sea coast to the country’s heart, and in September 2022, the SGS confirmed the discovery of huge deposits of gold in the Aba al-Raha locality of Medina. Jonathan Cordero, CEO of Saudi Gold Refinery, one of Saudi Arabia’s leading gold refining and mining companies, said: “In Saudi Arabia, mining is seen as the third pillar, which means there is other pillars. And so, it is a holistic approach of transforming the entire ecosystem, the entire economy. I think that is exactly the right approach. ” He was speaking at the Resourcing Tomorrow event. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close × × × × × × × × Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices=== 2025-11-12 05:10:37 | https://www.offshore-technology.com/features/saudi-arabia-ready-to-mine-the-future-as-it-looks-beyond-oil/?Top-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&Bottom-Article-Share-Button-clicked:%20Share%20on%20Facebook&cf-click | 15.25 KB ===

Saudi Arabia ready to mine the future as it looks beyond oil - Offshore Technology Skip to site menu Skip to page content In 2019, Saudi Arabia launched Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels. Credit: shaifulzamri via Getty Images. Saudi Arabia – a nation built upon the extraction and export of hydrocarbons – is facing a series of challenges as it tries to gradually transition away from fossil fuels and diversify its economy. Its developing mining and minerals sector will play a huge part in that process. It is now the second-largest crude oil producer – sitting just ahead of Russia and below the US – with the desert nation extracting almost 12. 5 million barrels of oil a day (mbbl/d) from its vast proven reserves of around 267. 19 billion barrels (bbbl). Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Discover B2B Marketing That Performs Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms. Find out more The kingdom remains heavily reliant on oil revenues to fund government spending and push forward with large infrastructure projects planned under its Vision 2030 strategy, announced in 2016 and aimed at refocusing its economy away from oil. However, the kingdom is about to make a substantial investment in its mining sector, banking on growing demand for energy transition minerals such as lithium, cobalt and nickel, as well as gold and some rare earth metals. According to GlobalData’s Market Assessment of Mining Industry in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 2023 report, the nation is well positioned to become a leading mineral commodity supplier and a major player in the global mining industry, thanks to massive natural resources and a number of government initiatives. Saudi Arabia’s General Authority for Statistics (GASTAT) revealed that the mining and quarrying industry contributed around 35. 73% of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2021, a percentage that is set to grow. GlobalData Strategic Intelligence US Tariffs are shifting - will you react or anticipate? Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. By GlobalData Learn more about Strategic Intelligence The kingdom’s mining production also saw a yearly rise of 0. 40% in October 2024, with levels remaining steady since 2016, according to GASTAT, while its mining GDP rose to $58bn (SR217. 5bn) in the third quarter of 2024 (Q3 2024) from $56bn in Q2. In 2016, Saudi Arabia revealed Vision 2030, a wide-reaching plan to diversify its economy away from fossil fuels and support (among other industries such as tourism and technology) the mining sector, targeting an increase in mining’s GDP contribution from $17bn in 2019 to $75bn in 2035. Pat Thaker, editorial director (Middle East and Africa) at the Economist Intelligence Unit, the research division of the Economist Group, told GlobalData, Mining Technology ’s parent company, that “Vision 2030 aims to reduce the kingdom’s heavy economic dependence on oil”. Saudi Arabia has two distinct advantages when it comes to large projects: extensive financial resources, and freedom from lengthy bureaucratic processes and prolonged decision-making, Thaker said. According to additional GlobalData research published in May 2024, the Saudi mining sector is expected to expand substantially in the coming years, with the kingdom actively seeking mining collaborations. In November, it signed nine metals and mining investment deals with a total value of $9. 3bn, seen as another step in the Vision 2030 plan, which aims to attract $100bn annually in foreign investment by 2030. In January 2024, the Saudi Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources signed memorandums of understanding with four countries – Egypt, Morocco, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Russia – to enable shared initiatives and knowledge transfer. Saudi Arabia’s vast mineral wealth According to Saudi Arabia’s National Centre for Industrial and Mining Information, the country’s mineral wealth was estimated at SR9. 4trn as of April 2024. Its non-oil sectors accounted for more than 50% of GDP for the first time in 2023, up from 47. 4% in 2015. “Mining is a small industry now, but we are looking to quadruple the size of the sector by 2030, and we are already hitting the targets we set for 2025, ” said Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Al-Mudaifer, speaking to a US media outlet in early December, added that the “mining and minerals sector will be able to provide the necessary materials for our own domestic needs, under the National Minerals Program, which will drive growth in the mining sector and capitalise on the kingdom’s vast mineral wealth. ” Trillions needed for investment Khalid Saleh Al-Mudaifer, His Excellency Vice-Minister for Mining Affairs, Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, addressing Resourcing Tomorrow in London in December. Credit: Caroline Peachey. In a separate speech given in early December at the Resourcing Tomorrow conference in London, Al-Mudaifer also highlighted the sector’s underperformance in exploration and volatile commodity markets – and perhaps most important – the need to acquire trillions of dollars in investments over the next few years. “For Saudi Arabia, resourcing tomorrow is not just a concept, it is our legacy. The discovery of our oil reserves transformed not just our nation but also the global energy markets. It taught us the value of responsible resource management, long before sustainability become a global imperative, ” he said. To meet the surging demand driven by the energy transition, the mineral sector “requires about $6trn of investment by 2035, or four-times the market capitalisation the top 20 mining companies in the sector”. He added that to “bridge this gap, the industry means to attract significant new capital, potentially opening doors for new players including sovereign funds, and oil and gas companies. ” “The sector also faces a major talent gap, as an experienced generation of operators, geologists and engineers are retiring, with a lack of investment during the 1990s now impacting the industry, ” he continued. He estimated that Saudi Arabia would need “maybe 400 mining professionals and engineers to work in the industry, while numbers working the industry globally has been on the decline”. The challenges are “enormous” Speaking earlier in 2024, Al-Mudaifer admitted that Saudi Arabia faces “enormous challenges” and the kingdom needs “to go ten-times faster for our development of minerals and mining”. He outlined three challenges the country faces: policy, innovation and material supplies. With mining being “one of the least-trusted industries, we still need to streamline permitting processes if we are to deliver on the material transition. We also need clearer and quicker policies on recycling of minerals. ” As for innovation, “we need to do more recycling of materials, particularly batteries. We also need improved technology for extraction. ” When it comes to materials, “we need a supply that will cover the quadrupling of production”. The need to de-risk Saudi Arabia’s untapped mineral resources include key commodities such as bauxite, copper, gold, lithium, magnesium, silver, zinc and several rare earth elements – all materials needed for electric vehicles and renewable energy projects. “The energy transition will require minerals, lots more minerals, ” added Al-Mudaifer, “and to get hold of them, you need more supply, and that requires investment, infrastructure, policy change and innovation”, as this will help “de-risk whatever risks might be”. Minerals “need to come from a new jurisdiction and Saudi Arabia is just such a place, ” he added. One of its first moves was to make itself “attractive to investors and offer an investor journey. The investor is the king for us. ” The kingdom invested heavily in offering new information to any organisation looking to come into the country, and the “Saudi Geological Survey [SGS] has also helped us attract investors, as well as helping us discover new mineral resources, including rare earth metals”, he added. According to recent data from the SGS, previous mining operations identified more than 5, 300 mineral locations. As of January 2022, Saudi Arabia had a total of 1, 990 mining licences including 32 reconnaissance, 633 exploration, 165 exploitation and 1, 160 building and material quarry licences. Leveraging mineral wealth, reliable supply chains The Saudi Minerals Programme, revealed in early 2024, is aimed at leveraging mineral wealth to ensure reliable supply chains and sustainable economic development. It will focus on de-risking exploration investments in the nation, facilitate new discoveries within existing facilities and encourage greenfield projects. This is expected to attract junior miners and foster partnerships with international investors. Bandar Ibrahim Alkhorayef, Saudi Ariabia’s Minister of Industry and Mineral Resources, said in July the programme – part of the nation’s broader strategy to maximise the value derived from its mining sector – has a pivotal role in ensuring a steady supply for local industries and significant projects. Golden future Last year, Saudi Arabia was the 27th-biggest gold producer, with output up by 16% from the previous year, according to GlobalData. Gold production is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 6% between 2023 and 2027. This will be aided by the start-up of projects like Saudi Arabian Mining Company’s (Ma’aden’s) Mansourah and Massarah project. Ma’aden announced the find in December 2023. According to Ma’aden figures, at the end of 2023, the volume of gold reserves in the region was estimated to be seven million ounces, with an annual production capacity of 250, 000oz. GlobalData research indicates gold deposits can be found throughout Saudi Arabia’s Central Arabian Gold Region, which stretches from the Red Sea coast to the country’s heart, and in September 2022, the SGS confirmed the discovery of huge deposits of gold in the Aba al-Raha locality of Medina. Jonathan Cordero, CEO of Saudi Gold Refinery, one of Saudi Arabia’s leading gold refining and mining companies, said: “In Saudi Arabia, mining is seen as the third pillar, which means there is other pillars. And so, it is a holistic approach of transforming the entire ecosystem, the entire economy. I think that is exactly the right approach. ” He was speaking at the Resourcing Tomorrow event. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Go deeper with GlobalData Reports Saudi Arabian Oil Co - SWOT Analysis Go deeper with GlobalData The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more Access deeper industry intelligence Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise. Find out more Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. close close Your corporate email address * First name * Last name * Company name * Job title * Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace, Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government, trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR, Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d"Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Offshore Technology Focus: Offshore Technology Focus (monthly) Thematic Take (monthly) Visit our Visit our for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information of Thank you for subscribing from across the GlobalData Media network. close × × × × × × × × Lost Password Back ⟶ Login Register Get new password Lost Password? Login Registration is disabled. Privacy Preference Center More information Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Always Active View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ View Vendor Details‎ Vendors List Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices


