

# --- https://www.onetrust.com/cookie-policy ---
Skip to main content On-demand webinar coming soon. . . On-demand webinar coming soon. . . English (U. S. ) English (U. S. ) English (U. S. ) Introduction Our application environment Our Content Delivery Network (CDN) Our CAPTCHA solution Our e-Learning platform Exercising your rights Introduction Introduction Our application environment Our Content Delivery Network (CDN) Our CAPTCHA solution Our e-Learning platform Exercising your rights Effective June 13th, 2025 Introduction This notice is for visitors to our websites (e. g. www. onetrust. com For further information on how OneTrust handles Personal Information please see our OneTrust Privacy Notice. OneTrust uses the following tracking technologies on our websites: Type of Technology Description Purposes Delivering security features to enhance protection against multiple types of attacks or network abuse Assisting you with navigation, providing essential functionalities related to our service, application, and website (e. g. displaying pages and visual elements) Assisting you to login and register to our events, as well as to provide feedback Assessing your use of our products, services, or applications to provide us aggregated statistics (e. g. number of pages visited on our website) Assisting with our promotional and marketing efforts (including behavioral advertising) Digital Fingerprints Digital fingerprints involve the collection of a set of features and characteristics from a device (e. g. navigator language, window screen, time zone, location, CPU vendor, memory size, or image processing) for several purposes, such as enhancing security or adapting the user's experience on the website. Analytics and marketing regarding your device and browser used for purposes linked with Google Tag Manager which helps us to better understand user behavior, optimize site performance, deliver targeted advertising, and ultimately improve our services by providing content relevant to your interests. Web Beacons Web beacons are small tags placed on a website resource or in an email to track how the user interacts with the content. This interaction generates a "hit, " counting your interaction with the HTML content. For example, if you click on one of our ads on the website, a web beacon will record that interaction. Gather usage and performance data Evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns Web Tags or Tracking Pixels Web tags and tracking pixels are a type of code (e. g. JavaScript code in a tag manager) or pixel (a small 1x1 transparent image) loaded into the web page to enable website features, like the web design components, or to track user's behavior across websites and devices. These are commonly associated with social media widgets such as a 'like' button. Loading necessary features in our website, such as fonts, webpage layout, videos, and photos Analysis of user experience on our website Providing a better user experience by loading personalized and enhanced content => which provide the service, application, and other essential functionalities of our website. => which provide enhanced performance for some website resources and services, as well as adopt a higher level of personalization to the user experience in some cases. => which provide quantitative measurements regarding our website and its resources and are used for purposes such as troubleshooting and analytics. => which provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing of analytical data. Host Description Expiration Type of Service ideas. onetrust. com _aha_app_2 Session First Party return_to Session First Party state_nonce Session First Party my. onetrust. com renderCtx and. Session First Party pctkr Session First Party 364 days Third Party 364 days Third Party onetrust. com OptanonConsent 365 days First Party OptanonAlertBoxClosed 365 days First Party affinity Used to route client requests to the same server instance, ensuring consistent user experience and efficient resource utilization by distributing traffic evenly across servers. Session First Party. explore. onetrust. com __cf_bm 30 minutes First Party BIGipServerx Session First Party cdn. aha. io request_method Session Third Party Host Description Expiration Type of Service my. onetrust. com PicassoLanguageXXX Session First Party www. onetrust. com _gd_session This is a unique identifier for the visitor’s session on the website and is used to correlate page views and activities to a single browsing session on the website. 4 hours First Party _gd_visitor This is a unique identifier for the visitor that is specific to the website, and will remain unique for the 729 days First Party _biz_flagsA Used by Bizible to keep track of feature flags and user-specific settings, ensuring the appropriate features are enabled for the user and enhancing the overall functionality of the service. 364 days First Party _biz_dfsA Used by Bizible to store deferred function settings, helping to manage and execute functions at the appropriate times, ensuring smooth performance and functionality of the service. Session First Party _biz_kvpA Used by Bizible to store key-value pairs that help maintain user-specific settings or preferences, contributing to a customized and efficient user experience. Session First Party drift_aid or drift_aid This is an anonymous identifier token used to tie the visitor on your website with the profile within the Drift system. This allows Drift the remember the information that the site visitor has provided through the chat on subsequent site visits. 2 years First Party drift_campaign_refresh This is the session identifier token. It is used to tie the visitor on your website with a current website session within the Drift system. This enables session-specific features, such as popping up a message only once during a 30 minute session as to prevent a disruptive experience. Session First Party DRIFT_openTabs This allows Drift to play sound notifications if there is a Drift message in a tab other than the currently selected one. Session First Party DRIFT_visitCounts This allows the Drift widget to perform targeting based on the amount of time a user is on a page along with the number of visits to the page. Session First Party DRIFT_SESSION_ID Session First Party DRIFT_SESSION_STARTED Session First Party DRIFT_ALWAYS_Sens_IDS Session First Party Host Description Expiration Type of Service onetrust. com s_cc Session First Party s_ips Session First Party s_tp Session First Party s_ppv Session First Party _mkto_trk 729 days First Party s_sq Used by Adobe Analytics to collect data on user interactions and sessions, facilitating the analysis of website performance and user engagement. Session First Party _ce. gtld Used by Crazy Egg to collect data on user sessions across different top-level domains, aiding in the analysis of user behavior and traffic patterns for performance optimization. Session First Party _biz_uid 364 days First Party _biz_pendingA 364 days First Party _biz_nA 364 days First Party bizible. com _BUID 365 days First Party. aha. io _aha_t 2 years Third Party. onetrust. com _ce. s 365 days First Party _ce. clock_data 365 days First Party cebsp Session First Party cebs Session First Party Host Description Expiration Type of Service demdex. net demdex 180 days Third Party dextp 179 days Third Party dpm. demdex. net dpm This domain is owned by Adobe Audience Manager. The main business activity is online profiling for targeted marketing. 180 days Third Party everesttech. net everest_g_v2 364 days Third Party everest_session_v2 Session Third Party linkedin. com in its main website. 731 days Third Party lidc in its main website. 1 days Third Party li_gc in its main website. 730 days Third Party li_sugr 89 days Third Party onetrust. com AMCVS_ Session First Party Session First Party AMCV_ 730 days First Party adcloud 730 days First Party px. ads. linkedin. com ar_debug 30 days Third Party 6sc. co 6suuid 729 days Third Party Dataguidance: Convercent: Tugboatlogic: Zentoso: PrivacyConnect: OneTrust Developer Portal: Our application environment The content of this section applies specifically to our application environment (e. g. , app. onetrust and app. convercent). Our application environment relies on third-party services (classified as core or additional services), for essential functionalities, such as infrastructure, hosting, Content Delivery Network (“CDN”), DDoS protection, account administration, product feedback, technical support, log analysis and data streaming (maintaining the constant flow of information necessary to offer our services). You can access the list and purposes of each service adopted by the OneTrust group here. => Maintenance of user sessions => Improvement of page and application performance => Enabling essential security features => Collecting essential key performance indicators (KPIs) to troubleshoot any technical issue Host Category Description Expiration Type of Service app. onetrust. com __Secure-fgpt Session First-party __cf_bm 30 min First-party here. Our content delivery network (CDN) Our CDN is provided by Cloudflare, a company headquartered in the USA. For more information, please see our OneTrust Privacy Notice. Cloudflare's systems collect payload data from HTTP requests, including website visitors' IP addresses. Whereas payload is localized to the region where visitors come from, IP addresses are securely transferred to the Cloudflare servers in the USA, securely stored in volatile storage for a maximum of seven days, and then they are deleted. Cloudflare uses the Anycast routing technology to enable its CDN functionalities without OneTrust needing to store or retain any payload data processed during a HTTP request so we can deliver content cached in the nearest Cloudflare's Edge Server. We receive only the communication from Cloudflare about what kind of element is necessary to load (e. g. HTML elements like text, fonts, and layout) due to a user's visit to our website. Our CAPTCHA solution Our websites use Turnstile, a security solution provided by Cloudflare, to protect against automated attacks such as brute-force attempts, credential stuffing, and other types of attacks that can harm our website and its visitors. When a visitor accesses our websites, their device is checked against a reputation database maintained by Cloudflare to determine whether it poses a threat. If the device is deemed suspicious, Cloudflare Turnstile may present the visitor with a challenge, such as a CAPTCHA, to verify that they are a human. The challenges include proof-of-work, proof-of-space, probing for web APIs, and various other challenges for detecting browser quirks and human behavior. here. Our e-learning platform here. To the extent that it is technically feasible, and insofar as trackers are not related to any strictly necessary purposes, we will block all non-essential trackers until you provide your consent, as we operate our sites on a strict opt-in basis to safeguard and respect your privacy. consent to. Exercising your rights Depending on your location and applicable privacy laws, you may have a right to exercise certain privacy rights such as the ability to access, delete or update your Personal Information. To exercise any of these rights, please fill out this Webform. For more information on your rights and how to exercise them, please see our OneTrust Privacy Notice and our Privacy webpage. Data Protection Officer DPO@onetrust. com If you have questions, requests, or concerns regarding your privacy and rights, please let us know how we can help. On-demand webinar coming soon. . . Top Searches Trust Center Consent & Preferences Third-Party Management Resources AI Readiness Checklist for Privacy Leaders Navigating AI governance: Privacy compliance under Philippine law State spotlight: Connecticut and New Jersey Data Privacy Law update Glossary AI DPIA AI Risk Management Data privacy DORA General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Platform Platform Pricing an
