

# --- https://www.reports.globaldata.com/strategic-intelligence-request-demo/?campaignid=701Ti00000TMd0gIAD ---
Access the power to win against tomorrow's disruptions Request Demo Stay ahead of disruptive policy changes. Leverage expert analysis & real-time data to make confident, future-ready decisions. US Tariffs are shifting. Will you react or anticipate? Sales Intelligence Not anymore. Fill this form to request a demo of Strategic Intelligence and confidently navigate the forces shaping your industry I use GlobalData's Strategic Intelligence as follows: As an input to my ongoing account planning activities As an aid to my understanding of themes and disruptors in my industry As an expert guide to understand my comptitors' status and what they will do next Save hours of your time and effort. A one-stop-shop for all my CDMO insights and needs. The thematic reports allow my team to best apply our limited time and resources to maximise our opportunity for success the first time. Instead of providing BI via reports and presentations, GlobalData lets me pull what is most relevant to my current needs, whether that is capability in a given field, the state of a molecular target, or how busy a CMO of interest may be. Principal Engineer Genentech Inc. Reach new clients before your competitors. The sheer amount of actionable intelligence available at our fingertips enabled us to very efficiently target new clients entering from Europe and USA ahead of our competition at lightning speed - with insights not seen even in our intelligence databases. We very highly recommend GlobalData. Commercial Director OmniaMed If you would like to speak to a business advisor, please send us an email on sahni. neha@globaldata. com Insights you won't find anywhere else Rank which companies, across 61 sectors, are best positioned for a future filled with disruptive threats. Thematic Scorecards Thematic Exposure Maps Visualize the level of activity a company, sector, or location has had in connection with a specific theme over the past five years. The future belongs to those who act now. Request Demo Request Demo Need in-depth analyses of disrupting innovations, macroeconomic shifts, and social trends? Explore our reports. Predictive Signals Uncover emerging trends through predictive signals from patents, deals, jobs, company filings, social media, and news. Request Demo Tariffs and Trade Wars Executive Briefing (First Edition) – Strategic Intelligence Decoding US Tariffs’ Impact – Influencers’ Perception Analysis on the New Trade Tariffs Learn More Learn More Inflation Outlook Executive Briefing (Tenth Edition) – Strategic Intelligence Learn More Impact of Tariffs on Consumer Packaged Goods – Industry Insights Learn More See more reports on US Tariffs One subscription. Endless value. Access the data, tools, and insights to power every decision with one digital subscription. With flexibility built in, it feels like it was made just for you. Request Demo Stay ahead of disruptive policy changes. Leverage expert analysis & real-time data to make confident, future-ready decisions. US Tariffs are shifting. Will you react or anticipate? Fill this form to request a demo of Strategic Intelligence and confidently navigate the forces shaping your industry Access the power to win against tomorrow's disruptions. Request Demo Reach new clients before your competitors The sheer amount of actionable intelligence available at our fingertips enabled us to very efficiently target new clients entering from Europe and USA ahead of our competition at lightning speed - with insights not seen even in our intelligence databases. We very highly recommend GlobalData. Commercial Director OmniaMed Insights you won't find anywhere else Rank which companies, across 61 sectors, are best positioned for a future filled with disruptive threats. Thematic Scorecards Thematic Exposure Maps Visualize the level of activity a company, sector, or location has had in connection with a specific theme over the past five years. Request Demo Predictive Signals Uncover emerging trends through predictive signals from patents, deals, jobs, company filings, social media, and news. The future belongs to those who act now. Need in-depth analyses of disrupting innovations, macroeconomic shifts, and social trends? Explore our reports. Tariffs and Trade Wars Executive Briefing (First Edition) – Strategic Intelligence Decoding US Tariffs’ Impact – Influencers’ Perception Analysis on the New Trade Tariffs Learn More Learn More Inflation Outlook Executive Briefing (Tenth Edition) – Strategic Intelligence Learn More Impact of Tariffs on Consumer Packaged Goods – Industry Insights Learn More See all Thematic Reports Explore more Thematic Reports Request Demo Request Demo Strategic Intelligence
