=== 2025-11-05 17:07:27 | https://rss.feedspot.com/oil_and_gas_rss_feeds/ | 36.20 KB ===

Top 100 Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Get 250k Bloggers, Podcasters and Publications RSS feeds with email contacts. Export Full Database Top Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Request RSS Feeds Export RSS List Top 100 Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Total Views 8K ⋅ Oct 16, 2025 ⋅ Contents Follow Top 100 Oil and Gas RSS Feeds from one place on FeedSpot Reader Share The best Oil And Gas rss feed list curated from thousands of rss feeds on the web and ranked by relevancy, authority, social media followers & freshness. Export the full list with RSS Feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Submit Your Blog Sponsor this list Full Database Export Contents Oil And Gas RSS Feeds Oil & Gas 360 RSS Feed SHALE Magazine RSS Feed Mees RSS Feed Egypt Oil & Gas News RSS Feed Uvtsolutions. com RSS Feed DIC OIL TOOLS Blog RSS Feed Permian Basin Oil and Gas Magazine RSS Feed OilPrice. com RSS Feed OE Digital RSS Feed Energy Voice RSS Feed BOE Report RSS Feed Iraq Business News RSS Feed Oilfield Technology RSS Feed AOGdigital RSS Feed Exprodat RSS Feed Oil Gas Leads Blog RSS Feed Enverus Blog RSS Feed The Energy Law Blog RSS Feed Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog RSS Feed Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin RSS Feed Oilnewskenya RSS Feed Pickett Oilfield, LLC Blog RSS Feed Malcy's Blog RSS Feed Oilholics Synonymous Report RSS Feed Aresco LP RSS Feed Drillers. com Blog RSS Feed Crude Oil Futures RSS Feed Oilfield Job Shop Articles RSS Feed King Operating Corporation Blog RSS Feed Novi Labs » Machine Learning in Oil and Gas RSS Feed Rextag Corporation Blog RSS Feed Valor Blog RSS Feed The Energy Law Blog » Oil & Gas Law RSS Feed Oil & Gas Career RSS Feed Bell Oil & Gas RSS Feed Oil and Gas blog RSS Feed Energy & the Law RSS Feed Gasify Middle East Blog RSS Feed Palmer Gas & Oil Blog RSS Feed Oil Gas Daily RSS Feed Energy, Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed The Economic Times » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Drilling Contractor RSS Feed Thermo Fisher Scientific Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Scambio Termico RSS Feed Technico RSS Feed Drilling Manual RSS Feed Orient Energy Review RSS Feed Reportingoilandgas RSS Feed Adrian - Oil and Gas RSS Feed Modalpoint Blog RSS Feed Gas and Oil RSS Feed Thoughts on Alaska Oil & Gas RSS Feed Medium RSS Feed Oil and Gas Employees RSS Feed Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine RSS Feed Pivoten News RSS Feed Cawley, Gillespie & Associates Blog RSS Feed Comanche Blog RSS Feed Rigzone RSS Feed Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. Blog RSS Feed S&P Global Commodity » Oil RSS Feed DNV » Energy RSS Feed American Oil & Gas Reporter RSS Feed RBN Energy RSS Feed Evaluate Energy RSS Feed APPEA RSS Feed OEUK RSS Feed Pipeline Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed Caterpillar Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Domestic Operating Blog RSS Feed Energy Domain Blog RSS Feed Mineral View » Oil & Gas RSS Feed World Oil News RSS Feed Oil and Gas Watch News RSS Feed Oil & Gas News RSS Feed Ohio Oil & Gas Association Blog RSS Feed OilNOW RSS Feed Vegas Consulting Blog RSS Feed Pipeline and Gas Journal RSS Feed BP News RSS Feed Natural Gas Intelligence RSS Feed Oil Review Middle East RSS Feed Oil and Gas People RSS Feed CNBC RSS Feed Fuel Fix RSS Feed EnergyNow RSS Feed Digital Oil & Gas Solutions Blog RSS Feed PE Media Network RSS Feed Q2Technologies News RSS Feed OGJ RSS Feed Ascension Technologies, Inc. Blog RSS Feed rigskills Blog RSS Feed PetroSkills Blog RSS Feed McKinsey & Company » Oil & Gas RSS Feed GET Global Group Blog RSS Feed StartUs Insights » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Q2 Technologies News RSS Feed Texas Oil & Gas Association News RSS Feed View all Oil and Gas RSS Feeds FeedSpot Reader. 1. Oil & Gas 360 RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas360. com Oil & Gas 360 is an investors single source for original oil and gas news, information, earnings and analysis. The best event calendar in the industry. Facebook Followers 668 Instagram Followers 411 OR Continue with Google Export RSS feeds list Get access to 250k active RSS feeds of news websites, blogs, magazines and podcasts with email contacts in 1500 niche categories. ( Export Full Database ) Get targeted RSS list in your niche at your fingertips. Email us the categories of RSS feeds you're interested in at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email. We'll share the list in an Excel spreadsheet or CSV format. Email us Export RSS List 2. SHALE Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website shalemag. com Shale Magazine Oil & Gas provides up to date energy news from the experts in their field. With all sources of energy, stay up to date with Shale. SHALE Oil & Gas Business Magazine is the Premier Magazine Covering the Shale Revolution. We are a publication which showcases the dynamic impact of the energy industry. MORE Facebook Followers 1 Twitter Followers 2. 7K 3. Mees RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website MEES has been publishing industry-leading weekly analysis of the region's oil and gas developments for over 6 decades. Home to the world's largest and lowest cost oil and gas reserves, the Middle East and North Africa area is a region of heady possibilities, but one fraught with pitfalls. MORE Twitter Followers 8. 2K 4. Egypt Oil & Gas News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Egypt Oil & Gas is the leading information provider for the Egyptian petroleum industry, offering a monthly publication, daily updates, concession maps, industry and analysis reports; in addition to major industry events. MORE Facebook Followers 27. 3K Twitter Followers 2. 5K Instagram Followers 2. 8K Request 515 Oil and Gas Blogs, Podcasts and Media outlets RSS feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Email us at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email Email us 5. Uvtsolutions. com RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website uvtsolutions. com UVT addresses the issues of abandoned and orphaned oil wells across the globe. In much the same way that ocean cleanup has taken a priority on environmental and societal agendas, UVT is helping to lead the charge in how our government and society prioritize the issues of abandoned and orphaned wells. We do this by developing, testing and proving that there is a better, more financially viable, solution to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions. MORE 6. DIC OIL TOOLS Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website We are one of the leading Suppliers of the highest quality products for the Oil & Gas Industry. Our Product Range Includes Thread Protectors, Pup Joints, Centralizers, Cement Baskets, Cementing Plug, Float Equipment, Packers, Spacer Spools, Hammer Union, Flanges, Tubing Spools, and Float Equipment, etc. All products are tested numerous times under technical guidance and are made from the best quality material. MORE 7. Permian Basin Oil and Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website pboilandgasmagazine. com The Permian Basin Petroleum Association is a non-profit organization for the promotion of business efficiency and the betterment of Permian Basin oil business through cooperative efforts and the exchange of ideas. MORE Facebook Followers 11. 9K Twitter Followers 1. 9K 8. OilPrice. com RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilprice. com Oilprice. com is the most popular energy news site in the world. Our analysis focuses on Oil and Gas, Alternative Energy, and Geopolitics. We offer extensive coverage of all energy sectors from crude oil & natural gas to solar energy and wind power. MORE Facebook Followers 100. 1K Twitter Followers 71. 8K Since Dec 1990 9. OE Digital RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Blog post covers Oil News, Analysis & Technology. OE offers multiple ways to stay up-to-date on the latest technology and trends necessary to help you do your job. Facebook Followers 7. 2K Twitter Followers 15K 10. Energy Voice RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Providing the latest news, videos and interviews from across the oil, gas and renewable energy sectors. Facebook Followers 5. 9K Twitter Followers 15. 5K 11. BOE Report RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website boereport. com The source for oil & gas news, activity, and information. BOEReport. com features: real-time news headlines, well activity map and data, property listings, commodity prices, economic releases, and industry jobs. MORE Facebook Followers 6. 3K Twitter Followers 5. 8K Export RSS feeds list Get access to 250k active RSS feeds of news websites, blogs, magazines and podcasts with email contacts in 1500 niche categories. Get targeted RSS list in your niche at your fingertips. Email us the categories of RSS feeds you're interested in at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email. We'll share the list in an Excel spreadsheet or CSV format. Email us Export RSS List 12. Iraq Business News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Iraq Business News brings you the latest on developments and opportunities in the oil and gas industry in Iraq. Facebook Followers 12. 1K Twitter Followers 277 13. Oilfield Technology RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilfieldtechnology. com Oilfield Technology is the premier source of technical & analytical information for the global upstream oil and gas sector. Find the latest upstream news, events, and interviews from the oilfield industry, including oil rigs, drilling, oil fracking, and offshore & onshore projects. MORE Facebook Followers 9. 6K Twitter Followers 1. 8K 14. AOGdigital RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website aogdigital. com AOGdigital brings you the latest trends, market dynamics, and technologies that impact the oil and gas sector in Asia. Follow to get the latest Asian Oil & Gas news. Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 159 15. Exprodat RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Exprodat provides GIS and information management solutions to the upstream oil and gas industry, blending GIS, IT, geoscience, and oil and gas industry expertise. They specialize in improving upstream petroleum E&P processes by helping oil and gas industry companies apply GIS technology. MORE Facebook Followers 387 Twitter Followers 738 16. Oil Gas Leads Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website OilGasLeads. com is a site dedicated to help companies selling to Oil & Gas Operators and Midstream companies. The site offers free lists of Oil & Gas Operators in Canada and the United States. Insights into the oil and gas industry providing specific information on oil and gas companies, drilling companies, and producers. MORE Since Oct 2018 17. Enverus Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Enverus (Formerly Drillinginfo) provides oil & gas software across the energy spectrum. Powerful data, insights & analytics for the entire energy value chain. Facebook Followers 103. 8K Twitter Followers 11. 9K 18. The Energy Law Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website theenergylawblog. com The Energy Law Blog published by Liskow & Lewis provides updates on oil and gas exploration, production, drilling, and transportation law. Facebook Followers 523 Twitter Followers 338 Since Dec 2006 19. Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website At Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog, stay updated on the oil and gas legal landscape, laws, and leasing trends. John McFarland, a shareholder at Graves, Dougherty, Hearon and Moody in Austin, Texas, specializes in representing landowners and mineral owners in oil, gas, mineral, water, and environmental law matters, offering expert insights in transactional and litigation contexts. MORE Twitter Followers 395 Request 515 Oil and Gas Blogs, Podcasts and Media outlets RSS feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Email us at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email Get Spreadsheet 20. Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas-investments. com Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin gives the finest independent news source and blog commentary on the North America Oil and Gas Industry. Its mission is to cover the technology revolution that is happening in the oil and gas industry. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 45. 9K Since Jul 2011 21. Oilnewskenya RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilnewskenya. com Latest Oil and Gas News from East Africa, Also hydrocarbon exploration, geothermal, drilling, discoveries, pipeline, wind and solar energy news. Also have a view of some of Production Sharing Agreements between governments in the region and various oil companies exploring for oil and gas. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 13 22. Pickett Oilfield, LLC Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Headquartered in the Houston Area, Pickett Oilfield, LLC is an international buyer and seller of new, used and refurbished oil & gas drilling equipment. Twitter Followers 1. 6K Instagram Followers 156 23. Malcy's Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website malcysblog. com Malcolm has over 30 years' experience in the Oil & Gas sector and is a widely used media source. He often appears in print and on screen, and also writes an acclaimed daily blog read by much of the resources industry as well as investors both institutional and retail. MORE Twitter Followers 8. 5K 24. Oilholics Synonymous Report RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilholicssynonymous. com Oil and gas markets and crude oil price blog by energy analyst Gaurav Sharma. Twitter Followers 2. 7K Since Dec 2009 25. Aresco LP RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website arescotx. com Oil and gas investment opportunities in Texas for quality drilling & income projects for industry, accredited, & institutional investors. Facebook Followers 2. 5K Twitter Followers 3. 8K 26. Drillers. com Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Read published articles and press releases on drillers. com. Drillers. com is one of the oldest oil and gas-related websites in the world and was the very first online oil and gas recruitment site. The website is now redesigned and evolved so that we keep the best of the 'old' and add new innovative features and helpful information to attract and engage with our target audience. MORE Facebook Followers 2. 5K Twitter Followers 1. 5K Since Feb 2015 27. Crude Oil Futures RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilfutures. co. uk In this blog, data related to the oil and gas industry is analyzed and then articles are written about them. Contents are original. Sometimes, users can interactively play with data. Facebook Followers 2. 7K Twitter Followers 1. 1K 28. Oilfield Job Shop Articles RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Today's oil and gas industry can be rough to find work. We're here to change that, check out our website and find the right job for you today. Mission to be your number one spot for quality oilfield jobs. MORE Facebook Followers 234. 8K Twitter Followers 874 Instagram Followers 14. 1K 29. King Operating Corporation Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 152 30. Novi Labs » Machine Learning in Oil and Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Energy Analytics for better investment decisions 31. Rextag Corporation Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Rextag, under Hart Energy, meticulously gathers energy data from diverse sources, compiling a comprehensive database. They offer licensed data in various formats to clients across the energy spectrum. Serving all industry segments, including upstream, midstream, downstream, renewables, and more, Rextag's subscription-based or customized data services cater to diverse needs, fostering informed decision-making. MORE Facebook Followers 578 Twitter Followers 83 Instagram Followers 62 32. Valor Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website blog. onevalor. com Valor's blog is here to provide oil and gas industry updates and insights, from our team of outsourcing experts. Facebook Followers 1. 1K 33. The Energy Law Blog » Oil & Gas Law RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Insight and Analysis of Legal Issues Impacting the Energy Industry Facebook Followers 523 Twitter Followers 338 Instagram Followers 307 34. Oil & Gas Career RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oil-and-gas-career. com Prepare for a Successful Career in the Oil & Gas World Facebook Followers 14. 8K 35. Bell Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website A Leading Indigenous Oilfield Service Company 36. Oil and Gas blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas2010. blogspot. com Blog for all information, news, books, references and scientific papers related to oil and gas engineering. 37. Energy & the Law RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energyandthelaw. com 'Energy and The Law' serves as a comprehensive resource for legal insights into oil, gas, and alternative energy. Authored by Charles Sartain, a seasoned lawyer, it offers analysis and commentary on energy law developments. Sartain specializes in resolving intricate energy disputes in Texas and Louisiana via litigation, arbitration, and negotiation. MORE Since Jan 2012 38. Gasify Middle East Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Stay updated with Gasify Middle East's blog. Discover tips, and trends for the oil and gas industry in the UAE, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, and the Middle East. 39. Palmer Gas & Oil Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Palmer Gas & Oil's blog offers helpful insights and practical advice on propane and heating solutions — covering topics like 'Propane 101, ' tank pressure safety, off-grid living, boiler vs furnace comparisons, and New Hampshire energy assistance programs. MORE Facebook Followers 4. 2K Instagram Followers 885 40. Oil Gas Daily RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilgasdaily. com Oil News - Gas News - OilGasDaily. com brings you daily news on the oil and gas industry. 41. Energy, Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energy-oil-gas. com Energy, Oil & Gas magazine (EOG) focuses on the issues that are fundamental to senior executives across the global energy sector and associated industries. Celebrating all that is remarkable in the global energy industry, over course of its history Energy, Oil & Gas has featured some of the world's finest companies. MORE Twitter Followers 2. 7K 42. The Economic Times » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed economictimes. indiatimes. com. . Follow RSS Website economictimes. indiatimes. com. . Oil & Gas Sector News: Read the latest oil sector news, Gas industry updates on The Economic Times. Get all the information about BPCL, NRL, Petrol Price, LPG, CNG & ONGC latest Updates, Videos and Mor MORE Facebook Followers 4. 6M Twitter Followers 4. 4M 43. Drilling Contractor RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website drillingcontractor. org Get oil and gas drilling news, videos, ebooks, and more. Drilling Contractor is the official magazine of the International Association of Drilling Contractors. The website is dedicated to all things drilling and completions and offers enhanced editorial to complement the print magazine, including animations, videos, additional graphics, and content to help readers keep up with the newest trends in the industry. MORE Facebook Followers 29. 8K Twitter Followers 5. 4K 44. Thermo Fisher Scientific Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 171. 9K Twitter Followers 67. 3K 45. Scambio Termico RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website heatexchan. blogspot. com Giuseppe Tommasone is an EPC Contractor Consultant who has helped over 3, 000 small, medium, and large businesses including Oil &Gas, Power, Steelworks Chemicals Pharma, and EPC customers. He shares his insights and wealth of experience from the Heat Transfer industry in this blog. MORE 46. Technico RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Here you'll news and information on what is happening at Technico and around the industries served by them. Find insights and market perspectives on the Gas industry, Household Gas usage tips, and more. Founded in 1985, Technico is a leader in wholesale distribution and are your single source fornatural gas/propane, equipment, and supplies. MORE Facebook Followers 9 Instagram Followers 4 47. Drilling Manual RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website drillingmanual. com Drilling manual is a simple guide for all rig workers, crew, contractors employee and especially drilling engineers. You shall find a lot of topics as casing design, drill string design, drilling mud testing and types, cementing and alot of useful procedures & calculations spreadsheets. Our goal to provide assistance to build your knowledge about drilling oilfield. The contents are presented in easy way in order to make learning from this website an easy job. MORE Facebook Followers 103. 7K Twitter Followers 1. 3K Since Oct 2017 48. Orient Energy Review RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Orient Energy Review covers Oil and Gas industry news across the world. Facebook Followers 8. 5K Twitter Followers 1. 5K Instagram Followers 1. 2K Since Apr 2014 49. Reportingoilandgas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website reportingoilandgas. org Comprehensive Ghana Oil and Gas news, information, updates, analysis. Facebook Followers 8. 9K Twitter Followers 3. 4K 50. Adrian - Oil and Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website adrianoil. blogspot. com Following what goes on with oil and gas exploitation in and around Adrian, Michigan since 2013 - and how these events in our little city connect to the global environmental situation with the occasional sidetrack to other related environmental issues in Lenawee county, Michigan and how those relate to global issues. MORE 51. Modalpoint Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website I lead a small but dedicated team of industry professionals, with a laser focus on the intersection of the Oil and Gas industry and your revenue stream. We are the Oil and Gas sales experts. Facebook Followers 313 Twitter Followers 11. 9K 52. Gas and Oil RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website gasandoil. blogspot. com Gas and oil issues as they pertain to the Newfoundland & Labrador, and Canadian consumer. George Murphy keeps you informed of fuel pricing issues, making sure you're ahead of Big Oil's pricing curve! MORE Twitter Followers 10. 1K 53. Thoughts on Alaska Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website bgkeithley. com News & Commentary on Alaska Oil, Gas & Fiscal Policy from Brad Keithley. Brad Keithley is a former business executive, lawyer and consultant with over 35 years experience working on oil, gas and fiscal issues. MORE Facebook Followers 6. 4K Twitter Followers 2. 2K 54. Medium RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website A Smart Marketplace for Oil & Gas and Energy Infrastructure Projects. 55. Oil and Gas Employees RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgasemployees. com My name is Howard Lee Shaw, Jr. I have been in the oil and gas industry for over 28 years. The last 22 have been associated with the inspection side of the industry. My years involved with the industry actually extends beyond 30 given the fact that I am third-generation oil and gas. I wanted to start a blog and share my experiences and knowledge and hope that some of what I have to offer may be of value to others not only in the oil and gas industry but in other professions as well. MORE Since Oct 2020 56. Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website scandoil. com Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine is your premier source for in-depth information on developments within the oil & gas industry in the Northern Seas. The magazine covers all areas of the offshore industry, from policy to platforms, research to rig retirement. The magazine features insightful interviews with oil and gas professionals and executives, as well as politicians. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 2. 1K 57. Pivoten News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Pivoten offers advanced oil & gas accounting software designed to streamline your financial operations. Enhance accuracy, efficiency, and compliance with our robust solutions tailored for the energy sector. MORE 58. Cawley, Gillespie & Associates Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Oil and Gas Industry News & Articles brought to you by Cawley, Gillespie and Associates, Inc. (CG&A) - Independent petroleum engineering consulting services. 59. Comanche Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Comanche Gas Solutions is the leading provider of natural gas fuel management in drilling and completions across the United States. 60. Rigzone RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Rigzone is the world's largest online resource in oil and gas news, jobs, recruitment services, advertising, events, and data. If You are an industry proffesional, We connect you to the news you are looking for, the career opportunities you want, and the actionable insights and data needed to tackle any industry and career challenges that may come your way. MORE Facebook Followers 13 Twitter Followers 107. 5K 61. Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Since 2009, Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. has been manufacturing and delivering sturdy products for the Oil and Gas Industry across the world. Discover the excellence of spiral gaskets from top manufacturers in India. Explore our comprehensive guide for quality and reliability. MORE Twitter Followers 4 62. S&P Global Commodity » Oil RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website S&P Global Platts provides critical information for the commodities & energy markets to make physical commodity markets more transparent and efficient. Platts Oil helps to develop, connect & explain the market price of crude oil and oil products. Discover how you can access our oil prices, news & analysis MORE Facebook Followers 9. 7K Twitter Followers 136. 8K Since Apr 2007 63. DNV » Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Here you find an overview of the Oil & Gas saftey and risk methodology. Enhance knowledge sharing and inspire to drive the industry further in a safe and reliable direction. Facebook Followers 27. 1K Twitter Followers 26. 2K 64. American Oil & Gas Reporter RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website aogr. com A monthly trade journal proudly serving US-based independent oil and gas producers. We cover all the best of business trends & technical information about exploration, drilling, completions, and production. MORE Twitter Followers 729 65. RBN Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website rbnenergy. com RBN Energy is a fundamentals analytics company known for its energy markets consultancy. It provides market advisory services specializing in strategy, acquisitions and divestures for firms engaged in trading, marketing or purchasing of energy commodities, purchase and sale of energy related assets and E&P for oil and gas. MORE Facebook Followers 482 Twitter Followers 8. 5K 66. Evaluate Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website We believe you need the best, most accurate and timely data to make quality decisions, and you deserve a system that is transparent, easy-to-use, fast and flexible. And we know it's important to continuously improve our product in response to market feedback. MORE Twitter Followers 850 67. APPEA RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Australian Petroleum Production & Exploration Association is the peak national body representing Australia's oil and gas exploration and production industry. APPEA's vision is to achieve a growing and internationally competitive Australian oil and gas industry that makes a vital and sustained contribution to the nation's economy. MORE Facebook Followers 743 68. OEUK RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oeuk. org. uk Keep up with the latest Oil and Gas News and updates. OGUK is the leading representative body for the UK offshore oil and gas industry, delivering energy security and net zero together with our members. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 1K Twitter Followers 48. 9K 69. Pipeline Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Pipeline Oil and Gas Magazine brings latest Oil, Gas and Energy news from across the globe. Stay updated with Oil news, energy news, gas news through: articles, blogs, videos, project updates and interviews with movers and shakers of oil, gas and energy sector. MORE 70. Caterpillar Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Caterpillar builds enduring partnerships, redefining industry standards for over 80 years. In oil and gas, they champion innovation while prioritizing sustainability. With expert support and cutting-edge solutions, Caterpillar empowers operators to optimize operations and stay ahead in a dynamic industry. MORE Facebook Followers 2M Twitter Followers 152. 8K Instagram Followers 1M 71. Domestic Operating Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Home 72. Energy Domain Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 164 73. Mineral View » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Stay updated with the latest oil & gas industry news, trending headlines, and expert insights. Explore the most popular stories and key market trends today. Facebook Followers 32 74. World Oil News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website World Oil provides daily news, trends and data for the global upstream industry, including in-depth coverage of deepwater, subsea, shale, exploration, drilling, well completion, unconventionals and other sectors of the offshore and onshore oil and gas industries. Turn to World Oil for the latest advances, technological applications, company press releases and executives moves relating to oil and gas, as well as updated data relating to rig activity, wells, oil production, NGL production, Onshore well count, offshore rig count and more. MORE Facebook Followers 87. 6K Twitter Followers 146. 6K 75. Oil and Gas Watch News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website news. oilandgaswatch. org Spotlighting the Environmental Impact of Oil, Gas, and Petrochemical Expansion Facebook Followers 740 Instagram Followers 864 76. Oil & Gas News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ognnews. com OGN News is a Bahrain‑based media platform delivering authoritative, up‑to‑date news, analysis, and business intelligence across the energy sector—from oil, gas, and petrochemicals to renewables—in the Middle East and beyond. MORE Facebook Followers 4. 8K Twitter Followers 822 77. Ohio Oil & Gas Association Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Ohio Oil & Gas Association's blog features op‑eds, industry updates, advocacy letters, and commentary—primarily authored by its president—focused on natural gas, oil policies, regulatory issues, and community initiatives in Ohio. MORE Facebook Followers 5. 3K 78. OilNOW RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilnow. gy News and Information from the Oil and Gas sector in Guyana Facebook Followers 141. 3K 79. Vegas Consulting Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Vegas Consulting Group's blog offers expert insights, guides, and updates on quality systems, API standards, risk management, and compliance best practices tailored for the oil & gas and manufacturing industries. MORE Facebook Followers 120 Twitter Followers 34 Instagram Followers 212 80. Pipeline and Gas Journal RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website pgjonline. com Pipeline & Gas Journal is the essential resource for technology and trends in the global midstream industry. Facebook Followers 14. 2K Twitter Followers 30. 8K 81. BP News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Find press releases and speeches as well as news and feature articles on BP, our people and where and how we operate around the world Instagram Followers 129. 7K 82. Natural Gas Intelligence RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website naturalgasintel. com Daily natural gas news and price data from NGI - Natural Gas Intelligence, covering North American shale and conventional gas markets. News, analysis, price data--all in one place. Facebook Followers 1. 1K Twitter Followers 21. 1K 83. Oil Review Middle East RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilreviewmiddleeast. com Oil Review Middle East is the region's leading oil and gas magazine that covers the exploration and production, upstream and downstream petroleum industry from the Gulf Corporation Council states and Iran to North Africa and the Caspian. MORE Twitter Followers 3. 4K 84. Oil and Gas People RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Oil and Gas People first for breaking oil industry news from around the globe. Oil and Gas People is working to create a LIVE snapshot of the entire oil and gas workforce and it's current availability. MORE Facebook Followers 182. 6K Twitter Followers 12. 1K Instagram Followers 123 85. CNBC RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Latest news on oil prices, fracking, drilling, refining, and processing for gas by CNBC. Facebook Followers 4. 6M Twitter Followers 5. 4M Instagram Followers 2. 9M 86. Fuel Fix RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Houston's daily must-read source for news and analysis on the oil, gas and energy business. Facebook Followers 6. 9K Twitter Followers 14. 5K Instagram Followers 354K 87. EnergyNow RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energynow. ca EnergyNow is an online media service dedicated to delivering the latest energy news, data, and jobs to the Canadian oil and gas industry. Facebook Followers 2. 3K 88. Digital Oil & Gas Solutions Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Our oil and gas blog comprises helpful information about all aspects related to your business sector. Find out how to utilize technologies to drive more revenue and improve customer & employee satisfaction levels. Digital Oil & Gas Solutions provide consulting services and oil & gas business solutions. MORE 89. PE Media Network RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Petroleum Economist gives essential insight and intelligence on oil, its politics and economics presented in a way that makes it quick to absorb. Petroleum Economist, Hydrogen Economist, Transition Economist. MORE Facebook Followers 8K Twitter Followers 66K 90. Q2Technologies News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Q2 Technologies is a leading manufacturer of H2S scavenger chemistries and MEA-Triazine. With over 17 years of experience, we are offering superior engineering, application, and chemical solutions. We ensure the quality of our products and the protection of your equipment as well as the environment. MORE 91. OGJ RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ogj. com The Oil & Gas Journal, first published in 1902, is the world's most widely read petroleum industry publication. Each week, in print on the first Monday of each month and in digital format on other Mondays, OGJ delivers international oil and gas industry news; analysis of issues and events; practical technology for design, operation, and maintenance of oil and gas operations; and important statistics on energy markets and industry activity. MORE Facebook Followers 91. 7K Twitter Followers 220. 3K 92. Ascension Technologies, Inc. Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ATI's mission is to maximize and optimize the economic recovery of the earth's resources in an environmentally responsible manner through 'Next Generation Products & Technologies'. 93. rigskills Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website This Blog is related to oil and gas drilling rig training courses and literature. Drilling rig is used for well drilling for the oil and gas industry. Facebook Followers 5. 8K Twitter Followers 4 Since Feb 2019 94. PetroSkills Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Oil & Gas Training blog is a great source for training news in the petroleum industry as well as information about PetroSkills courses, the PetroSkills Alliance, and technical pieces from our world-class instructors. MORE Facebook Followers 9. 9K Twitter Followers 1. 6K 95. McKinsey & Company » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Read our latest research, articles, and reports on Oil & Gas on the changes that matter most for the challenges and opportunities ahead. 96. GET Global Group Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website GET Global Group's blog offers strategic insights and analysis on the oil & gas and energy sector—covering market trends, emerging technologies, training, safety practices, procurement, and regional updates such as those from KSA and Guyana. MORE 97. StartUs Insights » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The StartUs Insights 'Innovator's Guide Oil & Gas' page offers a data-driven overview of the oil and gas sector—highlighting market size, emerging tech trends (like additive manufacturing, IoT, AI, blockchain, carbon capture), and startup innovation shaping the industry's future. MORE 98. Q2 Technologies News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Q2 Technologies' blog covers the latest advancements, industry insights, and product updates focused on hydrogen sulfide (H₂S) and mercaptan removal solutions across oil & gas, natural gas, wastewater, and pulp & paper sectors. MORE 99. Texas Oil & Gas Association News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Texas Oil & Gas Association's news page offers timely coverage of industry developments—featuring legislative session updates, monthly industry roundups, energy security insights, job and production statistics, and expert podcast episodes. MORE Facebook Followers 127. 9K Twitter Followers 13. 7K Instagram Followers 5. 4K Show 100 to 515 ×. . . Loading. . . Share this list New to FeedSpot? Continue with Google Continue with Apple OR Follow Top 100 Oil and Gas RSS Feeds from one place on FeedSpot Reader -- OR -- Continue with Google


=== 2025-11-05 17:12:05 | https://rss.feedspot.com/oil_and_gas_rss_feeds/#h5139919 | 36.29 KB ===

Top 100 Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Get 250k Bloggers, Podcasters and Publications RSS feeds with email contacts. Export Full Database Top Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Request RSS Feeds Export RSS List Top 100 Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Total Views 8K ⋅ Oct 16, 2025 ⋅ Contents Follow Top 100 Oil and Gas RSS Feeds from one place on FeedSpot Reader Share The best Oil And Gas rss feed list curated from thousands of rss feeds on the web and ranked by relevancy, authority, social media followers & freshness. Export the full list with RSS Feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Submit Your Blog Sponsor this list Full Database Export Contents Oil And Gas RSS Feeds Oil & Gas 360 RSS Feed SHALE Magazine RSS Feed Mees RSS Feed Egypt Oil & Gas News RSS Feed Uvtsolutions. com RSS Feed DIC OIL TOOLS Blog RSS Feed Permian Basin Oil and Gas Magazine RSS Feed OilPrice. com RSS Feed OE Digital RSS Feed Energy Voice RSS Feed BOE Report RSS Feed Iraq Business News RSS Feed Oilfield Technology RSS Feed AOGdigital RSS Feed Exprodat RSS Feed Oil Gas Leads Blog RSS Feed Enverus Blog RSS Feed The Energy Law Blog RSS Feed Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog RSS Feed Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin RSS Feed Oilnewskenya RSS Feed Pickett Oilfield, LLC Blog RSS Feed Malcy's Blog RSS Feed Oilholics Synonymous Report RSS Feed Aresco LP RSS Feed Drillers. com Blog RSS Feed Crude Oil Futures RSS Feed Oilfield Job Shop Articles RSS Feed King Operating Corporation Blog RSS Feed Novi Labs » Machine Learning in Oil and Gas RSS Feed Rextag Corporation Blog RSS Feed Valor Blog RSS Feed The Energy Law Blog » Oil & Gas Law RSS Feed Oil & Gas Career RSS Feed Bell Oil & Gas RSS Feed Oil and Gas blog RSS Feed Energy & the Law RSS Feed Gasify Middle East Blog RSS Feed Palmer Gas & Oil Blog RSS Feed Oil Gas Daily RSS Feed Energy, Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed The Economic Times » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Drilling Contractor RSS Feed Thermo Fisher Scientific Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Scambio Termico RSS Feed Technico RSS Feed Drilling Manual RSS Feed Orient Energy Review RSS Feed Reportingoilandgas RSS Feed Adrian - Oil and Gas RSS Feed Modalpoint Blog RSS Feed Gas and Oil RSS Feed Thoughts on Alaska Oil & Gas RSS Feed Medium RSS Feed Oil and Gas Employees RSS Feed Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine RSS Feed Pivoten News RSS Feed Cawley, Gillespie & Associates Blog RSS Feed Comanche Blog RSS Feed Rigzone RSS Feed Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. Blog RSS Feed S&P Global Commodity » Oil RSS Feed DNV » Energy RSS Feed American Oil & Gas Reporter RSS Feed RBN Energy RSS Feed Evaluate Energy RSS Feed APPEA RSS Feed OEUK RSS Feed Pipeline Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed Caterpillar Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Domestic Operating Blog RSS Feed Energy Domain Blog RSS Feed Mineral View » Oil & Gas RSS Feed World Oil News RSS Feed Oil and Gas Watch News RSS Feed Oil & Gas News RSS Feed Ohio Oil & Gas Association Blog RSS Feed OilNOW RSS Feed Vegas Consulting Blog RSS Feed Pipeline and Gas Journal RSS Feed BP News RSS Feed Natural Gas Intelligence RSS Feed Oil Review Middle East RSS Feed Oil and Gas People RSS Feed CNBC RSS Feed Fuel Fix RSS Feed EnergyNow RSS Feed Digital Oil & Gas Solutions Blog RSS Feed PE Media Network RSS Feed Q2Technologies News RSS Feed OGJ RSS Feed Ascension Technologies, Inc. Blog RSS Feed rigskills Blog RSS Feed PetroSkills Blog RSS Feed McKinsey & Company » Oil & Gas RSS Feed GET Global Group Blog RSS Feed StartUs Insights » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Q2 Technologies News RSS Feed Texas Oil & Gas Association News RSS Feed View all Oil and Gas RSS Feeds FeedSpot Reader. 1. Oil & Gas 360 RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas360. com Oil & Gas 360 is an investors single source for original oil and gas news, information, earnings and analysis. The best event calendar in the industry. Facebook Followers 668 Instagram Followers 411 Export RSS feeds list Get access to 250k active RSS feeds of news websites, blogs, magazines and podcasts with email contacts in 1500 niche categories. ( Export Full Database ) Get targeted RSS list in your niche at your fingertips. Email us the categories of RSS feeds you're interested in at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email. We'll share the list in an Excel spreadsheet or CSV format. Email us Export RSS List 2. SHALE Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website shalemag. com Shale Magazine Oil & Gas provides up to date energy news from the experts in their field. With all sources of energy, stay up to date with Shale. SHALE Oil & Gas Business Magazine is the Premier Magazine Covering the Shale Revolution. We are a publication which showcases the dynamic impact of the energy industry. MORE Facebook Followers 1 Twitter Followers 2. 7K 3. Mees RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website MEES has been publishing industry-leading weekly analysis of the region's oil and gas developments for over 6 decades. Home to the world's largest and lowest cost oil and gas reserves, the Middle East and North Africa area is a region of heady possibilities, but one fraught with pitfalls. MORE Twitter Followers 8. 2K 4. Egypt Oil & Gas News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Egypt Oil & Gas is the leading information provider for the Egyptian petroleum industry, offering a monthly publication, daily updates, concession maps, industry and analysis reports; in addition to major industry events. MORE Facebook Followers 27. 3K Twitter Followers 2. 5K Instagram Followers 2. 8K Request 515 Oil and Gas Blogs, Podcasts and Media outlets RSS feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Email us at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email Email us 5. Uvtsolutions. com RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website uvtsolutions. com UVT addresses the issues of abandoned and orphaned oil wells across the globe. In much the same way that ocean cleanup has taken a priority on environmental and societal agendas, UVT is helping to lead the charge in how our government and society prioritize the issues of abandoned and orphaned wells. We do this by developing, testing and proving that there is a better, more financially viable, solution to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions. MORE 6. DIC OIL TOOLS Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website We are one of the leading Suppliers of the highest quality products for the Oil & Gas Industry. Our Product Range Includes Thread Protectors, Pup Joints, Centralizers, Cement Baskets, Cementing Plug, Float Equipment, Packers, Spacer Spools, Hammer Union, Flanges, Tubing Spools, and Float Equipment, etc. All products are tested numerous times under technical guidance and are made from the best quality material. MORE 7. Permian Basin Oil and Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website pboilandgasmagazine. com The Permian Basin Petroleum Association is a non-profit organization for the promotion of business efficiency and the betterment of Permian Basin oil business through cooperative efforts and the exchange of ideas. MORE Facebook Followers 11. 9K Twitter Followers 1. 9K 8. OilPrice. com RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilprice. com Oilprice. com is the most popular energy news site in the world. Our analysis focuses on Oil and Gas, Alternative Energy, and Geopolitics. We offer extensive coverage of all energy sectors from crude oil & natural gas to solar energy and wind power. MORE Facebook Followers 100. 1K Twitter Followers 71. 8K Since Dec 1990 9. OE Digital RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Blog post covers Oil News, Analysis & Technology. OE offers multiple ways to stay up-to-date on the latest technology and trends necessary to help you do your job. Facebook Followers 7. 2K Twitter Followers 15K 10. Energy Voice RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Providing the latest news, videos and interviews from across the oil, gas and renewable energy sectors. Facebook Followers 5. 9K Twitter Followers 15. 5K 11. BOE Report RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website boereport. com The source for oil & gas news, activity, and information. BOEReport. com features: real-time news headlines, well activity map and data, property listings, commodity prices, economic releases, and industry jobs. MORE Facebook Followers 6. 3K Twitter Followers 5. 8K Export RSS feeds list Get access to 250k active RSS feeds of news websites, blogs, magazines and podcasts with email contacts in 1500 niche categories. Get targeted RSS list in your niche at your fingertips. Email us the categories of RSS feeds you're interested in at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email. We'll share the list in an Excel spreadsheet or CSV format. Email us Export RSS List 12. Iraq Business News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Iraq Business News brings you the latest on developments and opportunities in the oil and gas industry in Iraq. Facebook Followers 12. 1K Twitter Followers 277 13. Oilfield Technology RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilfieldtechnology. com Oilfield Technology is the premier source of technical & analytical information for the global upstream oil and gas sector. Find the latest upstream news, events, and interviews from the oilfield industry, including oil rigs, drilling, oil fracking, and offshore & onshore projects. MORE Facebook Followers 9. 6K Twitter Followers 1. 8K 14. AOGdigital RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website aogdigital. com AOGdigital brings you the latest trends, market dynamics, and technologies that impact the oil and gas sector in Asia. Follow to get the latest Asian Oil & Gas news. Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 159 15. Exprodat RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Exprodat provides GIS and information management solutions to the upstream oil and gas industry, blending GIS, IT, geoscience, and oil and gas industry expertise. They specialize in improving upstream petroleum E&P processes by helping oil and gas industry companies apply GIS technology. MORE Facebook Followers 387 Twitter Followers 738 16. Oil Gas Leads Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website OilGasLeads. com is a site dedicated to help companies selling to Oil & Gas Operators and Midstream companies. The site offers free lists of Oil & Gas Operators in Canada and the United States. Insights into the oil and gas industry providing specific information on oil and gas companies, drilling companies, and producers. MORE Since Oct 2018 17. Enverus Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Enverus (Formerly Drillinginfo) provides oil & gas software across the energy spectrum. Powerful data, insights & analytics for the entire energy value chain. Facebook Followers 103. 8K Twitter Followers 11. 9K 18. The Energy Law Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website theenergylawblog. com The Energy Law Blog published by Liskow & Lewis provides updates on oil and gas exploration, production, drilling, and transportation law. Facebook Followers 523 Twitter Followers 338 Since Dec 2006 19. Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website At Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog, stay updated on the oil and gas legal landscape, laws, and leasing trends. John McFarland, a shareholder at Graves, Dougherty, Hearon and Moody in Austin, Texas, specializes in representing landowners and mineral owners in oil, gas, mineral, water, and environmental law matters, offering expert insights in transactional and litigation contexts. MORE Twitter Followers 395 Request 515 Oil and Gas Blogs, Podcasts and Media outlets RSS feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Email us at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email Get Spreadsheet 20. Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas-investments. com Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin gives the finest independent news source and blog commentary on the North America Oil and Gas Industry. Its mission is to cover the technology revolution that is happening in the oil and gas industry. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 45. 9K Since Jul 2011 21. Oilnewskenya RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilnewskenya. com Latest Oil and Gas News from East Africa, Also hydrocarbon exploration, geothermal, drilling, discoveries, pipeline, wind and solar energy news. Also have a view of some of Production Sharing Agreements between governments in the region and various oil companies exploring for oil and gas. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 13 22. Pickett Oilfield, LLC Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Headquartered in the Houston Area, Pickett Oilfield, LLC is an international buyer and seller of new, used and refurbished oil & gas drilling equipment. Twitter Followers 1. 6K Instagram Followers 156 23. Malcy's Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website malcysblog. com Malcolm has over 30 years' experience in the Oil & Gas sector and is a widely used media source. He often appears in print and on screen, and also writes an acclaimed daily blog read by much of the resources industry as well as investors both institutional and retail. MORE Twitter Followers 8. 5K 24. Oilholics Synonymous Report RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilholicssynonymous. com Oil and gas markets and crude oil price blog by energy analyst Gaurav Sharma. Twitter Followers 2. 7K Since Dec 2009 25. Aresco LP RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website arescotx. com Oil and gas investment opportunities in Texas for quality drilling & income projects for industry, accredited, & institutional investors. Facebook Followers 2. 5K Twitter Followers 3. 8K 26. Drillers. com Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Read published articles and press releases on drillers. com. Drillers. com is one of the oldest oil and gas-related websites in the world and was the very first online oil and gas recruitment site. The website is now redesigned and evolved so that we keep the best of the 'old' and add new innovative features and helpful information to attract and engage with our target audience. MORE Facebook Followers 2. 5K Twitter Followers 1. 5K Since Feb 2015 27. Crude Oil Futures RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilfutures. co. uk In this blog, data related to the oil and gas industry is analyzed and then articles are written about them. Contents are original. Sometimes, users can interactively play with data. Facebook Followers 2. 7K Twitter Followers 1. 1K 28. Oilfield Job Shop Articles RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Today's oil and gas industry can be rough to find work. We're here to change that, check out our website and find the right job for you today. Mission to be your number one spot for quality oilfield jobs. MORE Facebook Followers 234. 8K Twitter Followers 874 Instagram Followers 14. 1K 29. King Operating Corporation Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 152 30. Novi Labs » Machine Learning in Oil and Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Energy Analytics for better investment decisions 31. Rextag Corporation Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Rextag, under Hart Energy, meticulously gathers energy data from diverse sources, compiling a comprehensive database. They offer licensed data in various formats to clients across the energy spectrum. Serving all industry segments, including upstream, midstream, downstream, renewables, and more, Rextag's subscription-based or customized data services cater to diverse needs, fostering informed decision-making. MORE Facebook Followers 578 Twitter Followers 83 Instagram Followers 62 32. Valor Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website blog. onevalor. com Valor's blog is here to provide oil and gas industry updates and insights, from our team of outsourcing experts. Facebook Followers 1. 1K 33. The Energy Law Blog » Oil & Gas Law RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Insight and Analysis of Legal Issues Impacting the Energy Industry Facebook Followers 523 Twitter Followers 338 Instagram Followers 307 34. Oil & Gas Career RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oil-and-gas-career. com Prepare for a Successful Career in the Oil & Gas World Facebook Followers 14. 8K 35. Bell Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website A Leading Indigenous Oilfield Service Company 36. Oil and Gas blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas2010. blogspot. com Blog for all information, news, books, references and scientific papers related to oil and gas engineering. 37. Energy & the Law RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energyandthelaw. com 'Energy and The Law' serves as a comprehensive resource for legal insights into oil, gas, and alternative energy. Authored by Charles Sartain, a seasoned lawyer, it offers analysis and commentary on energy law developments. Sartain specializes in resolving intricate energy disputes in Texas and Louisiana via litigation, arbitration, and negotiation. MORE Since Jan 2012 38. Gasify Middle East Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Stay updated with Gasify Middle East's blog. Discover tips, and trends for the oil and gas industry in the UAE, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, and the Middle East. 39. Palmer Gas & Oil Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Palmer Gas & Oil's blog offers helpful insights and practical advice on propane and heating solutions — covering topics like 'Propane 101, ' tank pressure safety, off-grid living, boiler vs furnace comparisons, and New Hampshire energy assistance programs. MORE Facebook Followers 4. 2K Instagram Followers 885 40. Oil Gas Daily RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilgasdaily. com Oil News - Gas News - OilGasDaily. com brings you daily news on the oil and gas industry. 41. Energy, Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energy-oil-gas. com Energy, Oil & Gas magazine (EOG) focuses on the issues that are fundamental to senior executives across the global energy sector and associated industries. Celebrating all that is remarkable in the global energy industry, over course of its history Energy, Oil & Gas has featured some of the world's finest companies. MORE Twitter Followers 2. 7K 42. The Economic Times » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed economictimes. indiatimes. com. . Follow RSS Website economictimes. indiatimes. com. . Oil & Gas Sector News: Read the latest oil sector news, Gas industry updates on The Economic Times. Get all the information about BPCL, NRL, Petrol Price, LPG, CNG & ONGC latest Updates, Videos and Mor MORE Facebook Followers 4. 6M Twitter Followers 4. 4M OR Continue with Google 43. Drilling Contractor RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website drillingcontractor. org Get oil and gas drilling news, videos, ebooks, and more. Drilling Contractor is the official magazine of the International Association of Drilling Contractors. The website is dedicated to all things drilling and completions and offers enhanced editorial to complement the print magazine, including animations, videos, additional graphics, and content to help readers keep up with the newest trends in the industry. MORE Facebook Followers 29. 8K Twitter Followers 5. 4K OR Continue with Google 44. Thermo Fisher Scientific Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 171. 9K Twitter Followers 67. 3K OR Continue with Google 45. Scambio Termico RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website heatexchan. blogspot. com Giuseppe Tommasone is an EPC Contractor Consultant who has helped over 3, 000 small, medium, and large businesses including Oil &Gas, Power, Steelworks Chemicals Pharma, and EPC customers. He shares his insights and wealth of experience from the Heat Transfer industry in this blog. MORE OR Continue with Google 46. Technico RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Here you'll news and information on what is happening at Technico and around the industries served by them. Find insights and market perspectives on the Gas industry, Household Gas usage tips, and more. Founded in 1985, Technico is a leader in wholesale distribution and are your single source fornatural gas/propane, equipment, and supplies. MORE Facebook Followers 9 Instagram Followers 4 OR Continue with Google 47. Drilling Manual RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website drillingmanual. com Drilling manual is a simple guide for all rig workers, crew, contractors employee and especially drilling engineers. You shall find a lot of topics as casing design, drill string design, drilling mud testing and types, cementing and alot of useful procedures & calculations spreadsheets. Our goal to provide assistance to build your knowledge about drilling oilfield. The contents are presented in easy way in order to make learning from this website an easy job. MORE Facebook Followers 103. 7K Twitter Followers 1. 3K Since Oct 2017 48. Orient Energy Review RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Orient Energy Review covers Oil and Gas industry news across the world. Facebook Followers 8. 5K Twitter Followers 1. 5K Instagram Followers 1. 2K Since Apr 2014 49. Reportingoilandgas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website reportingoilandgas. org Comprehensive Ghana Oil and Gas news, information, updates, analysis. Facebook Followers 8. 9K Twitter Followers 3. 4K 50. Adrian - Oil and Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website adrianoil. blogspot. com Following what goes on with oil and gas exploitation in and around Adrian, Michigan since 2013 - and how these events in our little city connect to the global environmental situation with the occasional sidetrack to other related environmental issues in Lenawee county, Michigan and how those relate to global issues. MORE 51. Modalpoint Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website I lead a small but dedicated team of industry professionals, with a laser focus on the intersection of the Oil and Gas industry and your revenue stream. We are the Oil and Gas sales experts. Facebook Followers 313 Twitter Followers 11. 9K 52. Gas and Oil RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website gasandoil. blogspot. com Gas and oil issues as they pertain to the Newfoundland & Labrador, and Canadian consumer. George Murphy keeps you informed of fuel pricing issues, making sure you're ahead of Big Oil's pricing curve! MORE Twitter Followers 10. 1K 53. Thoughts on Alaska Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website bgkeithley. com News & Commentary on Alaska Oil, Gas & Fiscal Policy from Brad Keithley. Brad Keithley is a former business executive, lawyer and consultant with over 35 years experience working on oil, gas and fiscal issues. MORE Facebook Followers 6. 4K Twitter Followers 2. 2K 54. Medium RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website A Smart Marketplace for Oil & Gas and Energy Infrastructure Projects. 55. Oil and Gas Employees RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgasemployees. com My name is Howard Lee Shaw, Jr. I have been in the oil and gas industry for over 28 years. The last 22 have been associated with the inspection side of the industry. My years involved with the industry actually extends beyond 30 given the fact that I am third-generation oil and gas. I wanted to start a blog and share my experiences and knowledge and hope that some of what I have to offer may be of value to others not only in the oil and gas industry but in other professions as well. MORE Since Oct 2020 56. Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website scandoil. com Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine is your premier source for in-depth information on developments within the oil & gas industry in the Northern Seas. The magazine covers all areas of the offshore industry, from policy to platforms, research to rig retirement. The magazine features insightful interviews with oil and gas professionals and executives, as well as politicians. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 2. 1K 57. Pivoten News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Pivoten offers advanced oil & gas accounting software designed to streamline your financial operations. Enhance accuracy, efficiency, and compliance with our robust solutions tailored for the energy sector. MORE 58. Cawley, Gillespie & Associates Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Oil and Gas Industry News & Articles brought to you by Cawley, Gillespie and Associates, Inc. (CG&A) - Independent petroleum engineering consulting services. 59. Comanche Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Comanche Gas Solutions is the leading provider of natural gas fuel management in drilling and completions across the United States. 60. Rigzone RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Rigzone is the world's largest online resource in oil and gas news, jobs, recruitment services, advertising, events, and data. If You are an industry proffesional, We connect you to the news you are looking for, the career opportunities you want, and the actionable insights and data needed to tackle any industry and career challenges that may come your way. MORE Facebook Followers 13 Twitter Followers 107. 5K 61. Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Since 2009, Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. has been manufacturing and delivering sturdy products for the Oil and Gas Industry across the world. Discover the excellence of spiral gaskets from top manufacturers in India. Explore our comprehensive guide for quality and reliability. MORE Twitter Followers 4 62. S&P Global Commodity » Oil RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website S&P Global Platts provides critical information for the commodities & energy markets to make physical commodity markets more transparent and efficient. Platts Oil helps to develop, connect & explain the market price of crude oil and oil products. Discover how you can access our oil prices, news & analysis MORE Facebook Followers 9. 7K Twitter Followers 136. 8K Since Apr 2007 63. DNV » Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Here you find an overview of the Oil & Gas saftey and risk methodology. Enhance knowledge sharing and inspire to drive the industry further in a safe and reliable direction. Facebook Followers 27. 1K Twitter Followers 26. 2K 64. American Oil & Gas Reporter RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website aogr. com A monthly trade journal proudly serving US-based independent oil and gas producers. We cover all the best of business trends & technical information about exploration, drilling, completions, and production. MORE Twitter Followers 729 65. RBN Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website rbnenergy. com RBN Energy is a fundamentals analytics company known for its energy markets consultancy. It provides market advisory services specializing in strategy, acquisitions and divestures for firms engaged in trading, marketing or purchasing of energy commodities, purchase and sale of energy related assets and E&P for oil and gas. MORE Facebook Followers 482 Twitter Followers 8. 5K 66. Evaluate Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website We believe you need the best, most accurate and timely data to make quality decisions, and you deserve a system that is transparent, easy-to-use, fast and flexible. And we know it's important to continuously improve our product in response to market feedback. MORE Twitter Followers 850 67. APPEA RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Australian Petroleum Production & Exploration Association is the peak national body representing Australia's oil and gas exploration and production industry. APPEA's vision is to achieve a growing and internationally competitive Australian oil and gas industry that makes a vital and sustained contribution to the nation's economy. MORE Facebook Followers 743 68. OEUK RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oeuk. org. uk Keep up with the latest Oil and Gas News and updates. OGUK is the leading representative body for the UK offshore oil and gas industry, delivering energy security and net zero together with our members. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 1K Twitter Followers 48. 9K 69. Pipeline Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Pipeline Oil and Gas Magazine brings latest Oil, Gas and Energy news from across the globe. Stay updated with Oil news, energy news, gas news through: articles, blogs, videos, project updates and interviews with movers and shakers of oil, gas and energy sector. MORE 70. Caterpillar Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Caterpillar builds enduring partnerships, redefining industry standards for over 80 years. In oil and gas, they champion innovation while prioritizing sustainability. With expert support and cutting-edge solutions, Caterpillar empowers operators to optimize operations and stay ahead in a dynamic industry. MORE Facebook Followers 2M Twitter Followers 152. 8K Instagram Followers 1M 71. Domestic Operating Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Home 72. Energy Domain Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 164 73. Mineral View » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Stay updated with the latest oil & gas industry news, trending headlines, and expert insights. Explore the most popular stories and key market trends today. Facebook Followers 32 74. World Oil News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website World Oil provides daily news, trends and data for the global upstream industry, including in-depth coverage of deepwater, subsea, shale, exploration, drilling, well completion, unconventionals and other sectors of the offshore and onshore oil and gas industries. Turn to World Oil for the latest advances, technological applications, company press releases and executives moves relating to oil and gas, as well as updated data relating to rig activity, wells, oil production, NGL production, Onshore well count, offshore rig count and more. MORE Facebook Followers 87. 6K Twitter Followers 146. 6K 75. Oil and Gas Watch News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website news. oilandgaswatch. org Spotlighting the Environmental Impact of Oil, Gas, and Petrochemical Expansion Facebook Followers 740 Instagram Followers 864 76. Oil & Gas News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ognnews. com OGN News is a Bahrain‑based media platform delivering authoritative, up‑to‑date news, analysis, and business intelligence across the energy sector—from oil, gas, and petrochemicals to renewables—in the Middle East and beyond. MORE Facebook Followers 4. 8K Twitter Followers 822 77. Ohio Oil & Gas Association Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Ohio Oil & Gas Association's blog features op‑eds, industry updates, advocacy letters, and commentary—primarily authored by its president—focused on natural gas, oil policies, regulatory issues, and community initiatives in Ohio. MORE Facebook Followers 5. 3K 78. OilNOW RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilnow. gy News and Information from the Oil and Gas sector in Guyana Facebook Followers 141. 3K 79. Vegas Consulting Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Vegas Consulting Group's blog offers expert insights, guides, and updates on quality systems, API standards, risk management, and compliance best practices tailored for the oil & gas and manufacturing industries. MORE Facebook Followers 120 Twitter Followers 34 Instagram Followers 212 80. Pipeline and Gas Journal RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website pgjonline. com Pipeline & Gas Journal is the essential resource for technology and trends in the global midstream industry. Facebook Followers 14. 2K Twitter Followers 30. 8K 81. BP News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Find press releases and speeches as well as news and feature articles on BP, our people and where and how we operate around the world Instagram Followers 129. 7K 82. Natural Gas Intelligence RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website naturalgasintel. com Daily natural gas news and price data from NGI - Natural Gas Intelligence, covering North American shale and conventional gas markets. News, analysis, price data--all in one place. Facebook Followers 1. 1K Twitter Followers 21. 1K 83. Oil Review Middle East RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilreviewmiddleeast. com Oil Review Middle East is the region's leading oil and gas magazine that covers the exploration and production, upstream and downstream petroleum industry from the Gulf Corporation Council states and Iran to North Africa and the Caspian. MORE Twitter Followers 3. 4K 84. Oil and Gas People RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Oil and Gas People first for breaking oil industry news from around the globe. Oil and Gas People is working to create a LIVE snapshot of the entire oil and gas workforce and it's current availability. MORE Facebook Followers 182. 6K Twitter Followers 12. 1K Instagram Followers 123 85. CNBC RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Latest news on oil prices, fracking, drilling, refining, and processing for gas by CNBC. Facebook Followers 4. 6M Twitter Followers 5. 4M Instagram Followers 2. 9M 86. Fuel Fix RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Houston's daily must-read source for news and analysis on the oil, gas and energy business. Facebook Followers 6. 9K Twitter Followers 14. 5K Instagram Followers 354K 87. EnergyNow RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energynow. ca EnergyNow is an online media service dedicated to delivering the latest energy news, data, and jobs to the Canadian oil and gas industry. Facebook Followers 2. 3K 88. Digital Oil & Gas Solutions Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Our oil and gas blog comprises helpful information about all aspects related to your business sector. Find out how to utilize technologies to drive more revenue and improve customer & employee satisfaction levels. Digital Oil & Gas Solutions provide consulting services and oil & gas business solutions. MORE 89. PE Media Network RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Petroleum Economist gives essential insight and intelligence on oil, its politics and economics presented in a way that makes it quick to absorb. Petroleum Economist, Hydrogen Economist, Transition Economist. MORE Facebook Followers 8K Twitter Followers 66K 90. Q2Technologies News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Q2 Technologies is a leading manufacturer of H2S scavenger chemistries and MEA-Triazine. With over 17 years of experience, we are offering superior engineering, application, and chemical solutions. We ensure the quality of our products and the protection of your equipment as well as the environment. MORE 91. OGJ RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ogj. com The Oil & Gas Journal, first published in 1902, is the world's most widely read petroleum industry publication. Each week, in print on the first Monday of each month and in digital format on other Mondays, OGJ delivers international oil and gas industry news; analysis of issues and events; practical technology for design, operation, and maintenance of oil and gas operations; and important statistics on energy markets and industry activity. MORE Facebook Followers 91. 7K Twitter Followers 220. 3K 92. Ascension Technologies, Inc. Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ATI's mission is to maximize and optimize the economic recovery of the earth's resources in an environmentally responsible manner through 'Next Generation Products & Technologies'. 93. rigskills Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website This Blog is related to oil and gas drilling rig training courses and literature. Drilling rig is used for well drilling for the oil and gas industry. Facebook Followers 5. 8K Twitter Followers 4 Since Feb 2019 94. PetroSkills Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Oil & Gas Training blog is a great source for training news in the petroleum industry as well as information about PetroSkills courses, the PetroSkills Alliance, and technical pieces from our world-class instructors. MORE Facebook Followers 9. 9K Twitter Followers 1. 6K 95. McKinsey & Company » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Read our latest research, articles, and reports on Oil & Gas on the changes that matter most for the challenges and opportunities ahead. 96. GET Global Group Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website GET Global Group's blog offers strategic insights and analysis on the oil & gas and energy sector—covering market trends, emerging technologies, training, safety practices, procurement, and regional updates such as those from KSA and Guyana. MORE 97. StartUs Insights » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The StartUs Insights 'Innovator's Guide Oil & Gas' page offers a data-driven overview of the oil and gas sector—highlighting market size, emerging tech trends (like additive manufacturing, IoT, AI, blockchain, carbon capture), and startup innovation shaping the industry's future. MORE 98. Q2 Technologies News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Q2 Technologies' blog covers the latest advancements, industry insights, and product updates focused on hydrogen sulfide (H₂S) and mercaptan removal solutions across oil & gas, natural gas, wastewater, and pulp & paper sectors. MORE 99. Texas Oil & Gas Association News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Texas Oil & Gas Association's news page offers timely coverage of industry developments—featuring legislative session updates, monthly industry roundups, energy security insights, job and production statistics, and expert podcast episodes. MORE Facebook Followers 127. 9K Twitter Followers 13. 7K Instagram Followers 5. 4K Show 100 to 515 ×. . . Loading. . . Share this list New to FeedSpot? Continue with Google Continue with Apple OR Follow Top 100 Oil and Gas RSS Feeds from one place on FeedSpot Reader -- OR -- Continue with Google


=== 2025-11-05 17:12:06 | https://rss.feedspot.com/oil_and_gas_rss_feeds/#h8633600 | 36.29 KB ===

Top 100 Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Get 250k Bloggers, Podcasters and Publications RSS feeds with email contacts. Export Full Database Top Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Request RSS Feeds Export RSS List Top 100 Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Total Views 8K ⋅ Oct 16, 2025 ⋅ Contents Follow Top 100 Oil and Gas RSS Feeds from one place on FeedSpot Reader Share The best Oil And Gas rss feed list curated from thousands of rss feeds on the web and ranked by relevancy, authority, social media followers & freshness. Export the full list with RSS Feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Submit Your Blog Sponsor this list Full Database Export Contents Oil And Gas RSS Feeds Oil & Gas 360 RSS Feed SHALE Magazine RSS Feed Mees RSS Feed Egypt Oil & Gas News RSS Feed Uvtsolutions. com RSS Feed DIC OIL TOOLS Blog RSS Feed Permian Basin Oil and Gas Magazine RSS Feed OilPrice. com RSS Feed OE Digital RSS Feed Energy Voice RSS Feed BOE Report RSS Feed Iraq Business News RSS Feed Oilfield Technology RSS Feed AOGdigital RSS Feed Exprodat RSS Feed Oil Gas Leads Blog RSS Feed Enverus Blog RSS Feed The Energy Law Blog RSS Feed Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog RSS Feed Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin RSS Feed Oilnewskenya RSS Feed Pickett Oilfield, LLC Blog RSS Feed Malcy's Blog RSS Feed Oilholics Synonymous Report RSS Feed Aresco LP RSS Feed Drillers. com Blog RSS Feed Crude Oil Futures RSS Feed Oilfield Job Shop Articles RSS Feed King Operating Corporation Blog RSS Feed Novi Labs » Machine Learning in Oil and Gas RSS Feed Rextag Corporation Blog RSS Feed Valor Blog RSS Feed The Energy Law Blog » Oil & Gas Law RSS Feed Oil & Gas Career RSS Feed Bell Oil & Gas RSS Feed Oil and Gas blog RSS Feed Energy & the Law RSS Feed Gasify Middle East Blog RSS Feed Palmer Gas & Oil Blog RSS Feed Oil Gas Daily RSS Feed Energy, Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed The Economic Times » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Drilling Contractor RSS Feed Thermo Fisher Scientific Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Scambio Termico RSS Feed Technico RSS Feed Drilling Manual RSS Feed Orient Energy Review RSS Feed Reportingoilandgas RSS Feed Adrian - Oil and Gas RSS Feed Modalpoint Blog RSS Feed Gas and Oil RSS Feed Thoughts on Alaska Oil & Gas RSS Feed Medium RSS Feed Oil and Gas Employees RSS Feed Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine RSS Feed Pivoten News RSS Feed Cawley, Gillespie & Associates Blog RSS Feed Comanche Blog RSS Feed Rigzone RSS Feed Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. Blog RSS Feed S&P Global Commodity » Oil RSS Feed DNV » Energy RSS Feed American Oil & Gas Reporter RSS Feed RBN Energy RSS Feed Evaluate Energy RSS Feed APPEA RSS Feed OEUK RSS Feed Pipeline Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed Caterpillar Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Domestic Operating Blog RSS Feed Energy Domain Blog RSS Feed Mineral View » Oil & Gas RSS Feed World Oil News RSS Feed Oil and Gas Watch News RSS Feed Oil & Gas News RSS Feed Ohio Oil & Gas Association Blog RSS Feed OilNOW RSS Feed Vegas Consulting Blog RSS Feed Pipeline and Gas Journal RSS Feed BP News RSS Feed Natural Gas Intelligence RSS Feed Oil Review Middle East RSS Feed Oil and Gas People RSS Feed CNBC RSS Feed Fuel Fix RSS Feed EnergyNow RSS Feed Digital Oil & Gas Solutions Blog RSS Feed PE Media Network RSS Feed Q2Technologies News RSS Feed OGJ RSS Feed Ascension Technologies, Inc. Blog RSS Feed rigskills Blog RSS Feed PetroSkills Blog RSS Feed McKinsey & Company » Oil & Gas RSS Feed GET Global Group Blog RSS Feed StartUs Insights » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Q2 Technologies News RSS Feed Texas Oil & Gas Association News RSS Feed View all Oil and Gas RSS Feeds FeedSpot Reader. 1. Oil & Gas 360 RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas360. com Oil & Gas 360 is an investors single source for original oil and gas news, information, earnings and analysis. The best event calendar in the industry. Facebook Followers 668 Instagram Followers 411 Export RSS feeds list Get access to 250k active RSS feeds of news websites, blogs, magazines and podcasts with email contacts in 1500 niche categories. ( Export Full Database ) Get targeted RSS list in your niche at your fingertips. Email us the categories of RSS feeds you're interested in at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email. We'll share the list in an Excel spreadsheet or CSV format. Email us Export RSS List 2. SHALE Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website shalemag. com Shale Magazine Oil & Gas provides up to date energy news from the experts in their field. With all sources of energy, stay up to date with Shale. SHALE Oil & Gas Business Magazine is the Premier Magazine Covering the Shale Revolution. We are a publication which showcases the dynamic impact of the energy industry. MORE Facebook Followers 1 Twitter Followers 2. 7K 3. Mees RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website MEES has been publishing industry-leading weekly analysis of the region's oil and gas developments for over 6 decades. Home to the world's largest and lowest cost oil and gas reserves, the Middle East and North Africa area is a region of heady possibilities, but one fraught with pitfalls. MORE Twitter Followers 8. 2K 4. Egypt Oil & Gas News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Egypt Oil & Gas is the leading information provider for the Egyptian petroleum industry, offering a monthly publication, daily updates, concession maps, industry and analysis reports; in addition to major industry events. MORE Facebook Followers 27. 3K Twitter Followers 2. 5K Instagram Followers 2. 8K Request 515 Oil and Gas Blogs, Podcasts and Media outlets RSS feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Email us at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email Email us 5. Uvtsolutions. com RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website uvtsolutions. com UVT addresses the issues of abandoned and orphaned oil wells across the globe. In much the same way that ocean cleanup has taken a priority on environmental and societal agendas, UVT is helping to lead the charge in how our government and society prioritize the issues of abandoned and orphaned wells. We do this by developing, testing and proving that there is a better, more financially viable, solution to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions. MORE 6. DIC OIL TOOLS Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website We are one of the leading Suppliers of the highest quality products for the Oil & Gas Industry. Our Product Range Includes Thread Protectors, Pup Joints, Centralizers, Cement Baskets, Cementing Plug, Float Equipment, Packers, Spacer Spools, Hammer Union, Flanges, Tubing Spools, and Float Equipment, etc. All products are tested numerous times under technical guidance and are made from the best quality material. MORE 7. Permian Basin Oil and Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website pboilandgasmagazine. com The Permian Basin Petroleum Association is a non-profit organization for the promotion of business efficiency and the betterment of Permian Basin oil business through cooperative efforts and the exchange of ideas. MORE Facebook Followers 11. 9K Twitter Followers 1. 9K 8. OilPrice. com RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilprice. com Oilprice. com is the most popular energy news site in the world. Our analysis focuses on Oil and Gas, Alternative Energy, and Geopolitics. We offer extensive coverage of all energy sectors from crude oil & natural gas to solar energy and wind power. MORE Facebook Followers 100. 1K Twitter Followers 71. 8K Since Dec 1990 9. OE Digital RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Blog post covers Oil News, Analysis & Technology. OE offers multiple ways to stay up-to-date on the latest technology and trends necessary to help you do your job. Facebook Followers 7. 2K Twitter Followers 15K 10. Energy Voice RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Providing the latest news, videos and interviews from across the oil, gas and renewable energy sectors. Facebook Followers 5. 9K Twitter Followers 15. 5K 11. BOE Report RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website boereport. com The source for oil & gas news, activity, and information. BOEReport. com features: real-time news headlines, well activity map and data, property listings, commodity prices, economic releases, and industry jobs. MORE Facebook Followers 6. 3K Twitter Followers 5. 8K Export RSS feeds list Get access to 250k active RSS feeds of news websites, blogs, magazines and podcasts with email contacts in 1500 niche categories. Get targeted RSS list in your niche at your fingertips. Email us the categories of RSS feeds you're interested in at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email. We'll share the list in an Excel spreadsheet or CSV format. Email us Export RSS List 12. Iraq Business News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Iraq Business News brings you the latest on developments and opportunities in the oil and gas industry in Iraq. Facebook Followers 12. 1K Twitter Followers 277 13. Oilfield Technology RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilfieldtechnology. com Oilfield Technology is the premier source of technical & analytical information for the global upstream oil and gas sector. Find the latest upstream news, events, and interviews from the oilfield industry, including oil rigs, drilling, oil fracking, and offshore & onshore projects. MORE Facebook Followers 9. 6K Twitter Followers 1. 8K 14. AOGdigital RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website aogdigital. com AOGdigital brings you the latest trends, market dynamics, and technologies that impact the oil and gas sector in Asia. Follow to get the latest Asian Oil & Gas news. Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 159 15. Exprodat RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Exprodat provides GIS and information management solutions to the upstream oil and gas industry, blending GIS, IT, geoscience, and oil and gas industry expertise. They specialize in improving upstream petroleum E&P processes by helping oil and gas industry companies apply GIS technology. MORE Facebook Followers 387 Twitter Followers 738 16. Oil Gas Leads Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website OilGasLeads. com is a site dedicated to help companies selling to Oil & Gas Operators and Midstream companies. The site offers free lists of Oil & Gas Operators in Canada and the United States. Insights into the oil and gas industry providing specific information on oil and gas companies, drilling companies, and producers. MORE Since Oct 2018 17. Enverus Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Enverus (Formerly Drillinginfo) provides oil & gas software across the energy spectrum. Powerful data, insights & analytics for the entire energy value chain. Facebook Followers 103. 8K Twitter Followers 11. 9K 18. The Energy Law Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website theenergylawblog. com The Energy Law Blog published by Liskow & Lewis provides updates on oil and gas exploration, production, drilling, and transportation law. Facebook Followers 523 Twitter Followers 338 Since Dec 2006 19. Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website At Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog, stay updated on the oil and gas legal landscape, laws, and leasing trends. John McFarland, a shareholder at Graves, Dougherty, Hearon and Moody in Austin, Texas, specializes in representing landowners and mineral owners in oil, gas, mineral, water, and environmental law matters, offering expert insights in transactional and litigation contexts. MORE Twitter Followers 395 Request 515 Oil and Gas Blogs, Podcasts and Media outlets RSS feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Email us at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email Get Spreadsheet 20. Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas-investments. com Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin gives the finest independent news source and blog commentary on the North America Oil and Gas Industry. Its mission is to cover the technology revolution that is happening in the oil and gas industry. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 45. 9K Since Jul 2011 21. Oilnewskenya RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilnewskenya. com Latest Oil and Gas News from East Africa, Also hydrocarbon exploration, geothermal, drilling, discoveries, pipeline, wind and solar energy news. Also have a view of some of Production Sharing Agreements between governments in the region and various oil companies exploring for oil and gas. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 13 22. Pickett Oilfield, LLC Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Headquartered in the Houston Area, Pickett Oilfield, LLC is an international buyer and seller of new, used and refurbished oil & gas drilling equipment. Twitter Followers 1. 6K Instagram Followers 156 23. Malcy's Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website malcysblog. com Malcolm has over 30 years' experience in the Oil & Gas sector and is a widely used media source. He often appears in print and on screen, and also writes an acclaimed daily blog read by much of the resources industry as well as investors both institutional and retail. MORE Twitter Followers 8. 5K 24. Oilholics Synonymous Report RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilholicssynonymous. com Oil and gas markets and crude oil price blog by energy analyst Gaurav Sharma. Twitter Followers 2. 7K Since Dec 2009 25. Aresco LP RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website arescotx. com Oil and gas investment opportunities in Texas for quality drilling & income projects for industry, accredited, & institutional investors. Facebook Followers 2. 5K Twitter Followers 3. 8K 26. Drillers. com Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Read published articles and press releases on drillers. com. Drillers. com is one of the oldest oil and gas-related websites in the world and was the very first online oil and gas recruitment site. The website is now redesigned and evolved so that we keep the best of the 'old' and add new innovative features and helpful information to attract and engage with our target audience. MORE Facebook Followers 2. 5K Twitter Followers 1. 5K Since Feb 2015 27. Crude Oil Futures RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilfutures. co. uk In this blog, data related to the oil and gas industry is analyzed and then articles are written about them. Contents are original. Sometimes, users can interactively play with data. Facebook Followers 2. 7K Twitter Followers 1. 1K 28. Oilfield Job Shop Articles RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Today's oil and gas industry can be rough to find work. We're here to change that, check out our website and find the right job for you today. Mission to be your number one spot for quality oilfield jobs. MORE Facebook Followers 234. 8K Twitter Followers 874 Instagram Followers 14. 1K 29. King Operating Corporation Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 152 30. Novi Labs » Machine Learning in Oil and Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Energy Analytics for better investment decisions 31. Rextag Corporation Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Rextag, under Hart Energy, meticulously gathers energy data from diverse sources, compiling a comprehensive database. They offer licensed data in various formats to clients across the energy spectrum. Serving all industry segments, including upstream, midstream, downstream, renewables, and more, Rextag's subscription-based or customized data services cater to diverse needs, fostering informed decision-making. MORE Facebook Followers 578 Twitter Followers 83 Instagram Followers 62 32. Valor Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website blog. onevalor. com Valor's blog is here to provide oil and gas industry updates and insights, from our team of outsourcing experts. Facebook Followers 1. 1K 33. The Energy Law Blog » Oil & Gas Law RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Insight and Analysis of Legal Issues Impacting the Energy Industry Facebook Followers 523 Twitter Followers 338 Instagram Followers 307 34. Oil & Gas Career RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oil-and-gas-career. com Prepare for a Successful Career in the Oil & Gas World Facebook Followers 14. 8K 35. Bell Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website A Leading Indigenous Oilfield Service Company 36. Oil and Gas blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas2010. blogspot. com Blog for all information, news, books, references and scientific papers related to oil and gas engineering. 37. Energy & the Law RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energyandthelaw. com 'Energy and The Law' serves as a comprehensive resource for legal insights into oil, gas, and alternative energy. Authored by Charles Sartain, a seasoned lawyer, it offers analysis and commentary on energy law developments. Sartain specializes in resolving intricate energy disputes in Texas and Louisiana via litigation, arbitration, and negotiation. MORE Since Jan 2012 38. Gasify Middle East Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Stay updated with Gasify Middle East's blog. Discover tips, and trends for the oil and gas industry in the UAE, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, and the Middle East. 39. Palmer Gas & Oil Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Palmer Gas & Oil's blog offers helpful insights and practical advice on propane and heating solutions — covering topics like 'Propane 101, ' tank pressure safety, off-grid living, boiler vs furnace comparisons, and New Hampshire energy assistance programs. MORE Facebook Followers 4. 2K Instagram Followers 885 40. Oil Gas Daily RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilgasdaily. com Oil News - Gas News - OilGasDaily. com brings you daily news on the oil and gas industry. 41. Energy, Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energy-oil-gas. com Energy, Oil & Gas magazine (EOG) focuses on the issues that are fundamental to senior executives across the global energy sector and associated industries. Celebrating all that is remarkable in the global energy industry, over course of its history Energy, Oil & Gas has featured some of the world's finest companies. MORE Twitter Followers 2. 7K 42. The Economic Times » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed economictimes. indiatimes. com. . Follow RSS Website economictimes. indiatimes. com. . Oil & Gas Sector News: Read the latest oil sector news, Gas industry updates on The Economic Times. Get all the information about BPCL, NRL, Petrol Price, LPG, CNG & ONGC latest Updates, Videos and Mor MORE Facebook Followers 4. 6M Twitter Followers 4. 4M 43. Drilling Contractor RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website drillingcontractor. org Get oil and gas drilling news, videos, ebooks, and more. Drilling Contractor is the official magazine of the International Association of Drilling Contractors. The website is dedicated to all things drilling and completions and offers enhanced editorial to complement the print magazine, including animations, videos, additional graphics, and content to help readers keep up with the newest trends in the industry. MORE Facebook Followers 29. 8K Twitter Followers 5. 4K 44. Thermo Fisher Scientific Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 171. 9K Twitter Followers 67. 3K OR Continue with Google 45. Scambio Termico RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website heatexchan. blogspot. com Giuseppe Tommasone is an EPC Contractor Consultant who has helped over 3, 000 small, medium, and large businesses including Oil &Gas, Power, Steelworks Chemicals Pharma, and EPC customers. He shares his insights and wealth of experience from the Heat Transfer industry in this blog. MORE OR Continue with Google 46. Technico RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Here you'll news and information on what is happening at Technico and around the industries served by them. Find insights and market perspectives on the Gas industry, Household Gas usage tips, and more. Founded in 1985, Technico is a leader in wholesale distribution and are your single source fornatural gas/propane, equipment, and supplies. MORE Facebook Followers 9 Instagram Followers 4 OR Continue with Google 47. Drilling Manual RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website drillingmanual. com Drilling manual is a simple guide for all rig workers, crew, contractors employee and especially drilling engineers. You shall find a lot of topics as casing design, drill string design, drilling mud testing and types, cementing and alot of useful procedures & calculations spreadsheets. Our goal to provide assistance to build your knowledge about drilling oilfield. The contents are presented in easy way in order to make learning from this website an easy job. MORE Facebook Followers 103. 7K Twitter Followers 1. 3K Since Oct 2017 OR Continue with Google 48. Orient Energy Review RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Orient Energy Review covers Oil and Gas industry news across the world. Facebook Followers 8. 5K Twitter Followers 1. 5K Instagram Followers 1. 2K Since Apr 2014 OR Continue with Google 49. Reportingoilandgas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website reportingoilandgas. org Comprehensive Ghana Oil and Gas news, information, updates, analysis. Facebook Followers 8. 9K Twitter Followers 3. 4K 50. Adrian - Oil and Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website adrianoil. blogspot. com Following what goes on with oil and gas exploitation in and around Adrian, Michigan since 2013 - and how these events in our little city connect to the global environmental situation with the occasional sidetrack to other related environmental issues in Lenawee county, Michigan and how those relate to global issues. MORE 51. Modalpoint Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website I lead a small but dedicated team of industry professionals, with a laser focus on the intersection of the Oil and Gas industry and your revenue stream. We are the Oil and Gas sales experts. Facebook Followers 313 Twitter Followers 11. 9K 52. Gas and Oil RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website gasandoil. blogspot. com Gas and oil issues as they pertain to the Newfoundland & Labrador, and Canadian consumer. George Murphy keeps you informed of fuel pricing issues, making sure you're ahead of Big Oil's pricing curve! MORE Twitter Followers 10. 1K 53. Thoughts on Alaska Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website bgkeithley. com News & Commentary on Alaska Oil, Gas & Fiscal Policy from Brad Keithley. Brad Keithley is a former business executive, lawyer and consultant with over 35 years experience working on oil, gas and fiscal issues. MORE Facebook Followers 6. 4K Twitter Followers 2. 2K 54. Medium RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website A Smart Marketplace for Oil & Gas and Energy Infrastructure Projects. 55. Oil and Gas Employees RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgasemployees. com My name is Howard Lee Shaw, Jr. I have been in the oil and gas industry for over 28 years. The last 22 have been associated with the inspection side of the industry. My years involved with the industry actually extends beyond 30 given the fact that I am third-generation oil and gas. I wanted to start a blog and share my experiences and knowledge and hope that some of what I have to offer may be of value to others not only in the oil and gas industry but in other professions as well. MORE Since Oct 2020 56. Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website scandoil. com Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine is your premier source for in-depth information on developments within the oil & gas industry in the Northern Seas. The magazine covers all areas of the offshore industry, from policy to platforms, research to rig retirement. The magazine features insightful interviews with oil and gas professionals and executives, as well as politicians. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 2. 1K 57. Pivoten News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Pivoten offers advanced oil & gas accounting software designed to streamline your financial operations. Enhance accuracy, efficiency, and compliance with our robust solutions tailored for the energy sector. MORE 58. Cawley, Gillespie & Associates Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Oil and Gas Industry News & Articles brought to you by Cawley, Gillespie and Associates, Inc. (CG&A) - Independent petroleum engineering consulting services. 59. Comanche Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Comanche Gas Solutions is the leading provider of natural gas fuel management in drilling and completions across the United States. 60. Rigzone RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Rigzone is the world's largest online resource in oil and gas news, jobs, recruitment services, advertising, events, and data. If You are an industry proffesional, We connect you to the news you are looking for, the career opportunities you want, and the actionable insights and data needed to tackle any industry and career challenges that may come your way. MORE Facebook Followers 13 Twitter Followers 107. 5K 61. Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Since 2009, Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. has been manufacturing and delivering sturdy products for the Oil and Gas Industry across the world. Discover the excellence of spiral gaskets from top manufacturers in India. Explore our comprehensive guide for quality and reliability. MORE Twitter Followers 4 62. S&P Global Commodity » Oil RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website S&P Global Platts provides critical information for the commodities & energy markets to make physical commodity markets more transparent and efficient. Platts Oil helps to develop, connect & explain the market price of crude oil and oil products. Discover how you can access our oil prices, news & analysis MORE Facebook Followers 9. 7K Twitter Followers 136. 8K Since Apr 2007 63. DNV » Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Here you find an overview of the Oil & Gas saftey and risk methodology. Enhance knowledge sharing and inspire to drive the industry further in a safe and reliable direction. Facebook Followers 27. 1K Twitter Followers 26. 2K 64. American Oil & Gas Reporter RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website aogr. com A monthly trade journal proudly serving US-based independent oil and gas producers. We cover all the best of business trends & technical information about exploration, drilling, completions, and production. MORE Twitter Followers 729 65. RBN Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website rbnenergy. com RBN Energy is a fundamentals analytics company known for its energy markets consultancy. It provides market advisory services specializing in strategy, acquisitions and divestures for firms engaged in trading, marketing or purchasing of energy commodities, purchase and sale of energy related assets and E&P for oil and gas. MORE Facebook Followers 482 Twitter Followers 8. 5K 66. Evaluate Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website We believe you need the best, most accurate and timely data to make quality decisions, and you deserve a system that is transparent, easy-to-use, fast and flexible. And we know it's important to continuously improve our product in response to market feedback. MORE Twitter Followers 850 67. APPEA RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Australian Petroleum Production & Exploration Association is the peak national body representing Australia's oil and gas exploration and production industry. APPEA's vision is to achieve a growing and internationally competitive Australian oil and gas industry that makes a vital and sustained contribution to the nation's economy. MORE Facebook Followers 743 68. OEUK RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oeuk. org. uk Keep up with the latest Oil and Gas News and updates. OGUK is the leading representative body for the UK offshore oil and gas industry, delivering energy security and net zero together with our members. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 1K Twitter Followers 48. 9K 69. Pipeline Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Pipeline Oil and Gas Magazine brings latest Oil, Gas and Energy news from across the globe. Stay updated with Oil news, energy news, gas news through: articles, blogs, videos, project updates and interviews with movers and shakers of oil, gas and energy sector. MORE 70. Caterpillar Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Caterpillar builds enduring partnerships, redefining industry standards for over 80 years. In oil and gas, they champion innovation while prioritizing sustainability. With expert support and cutting-edge solutions, Caterpillar empowers operators to optimize operations and stay ahead in a dynamic industry. MORE Facebook Followers 2M Twitter Followers 152. 8K Instagram Followers 1M 71. Domestic Operating Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Home 72. Energy Domain Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 164 73. Mineral View » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Stay updated with the latest oil & gas industry news, trending headlines, and expert insights. Explore the most popular stories and key market trends today. Facebook Followers 32 74. World Oil News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website World Oil provides daily news, trends and data for the global upstream industry, including in-depth coverage of deepwater, subsea, shale, exploration, drilling, well completion, unconventionals and other sectors of the offshore and onshore oil and gas industries. Turn to World Oil for the latest advances, technological applications, company press releases and executives moves relating to oil and gas, as well as updated data relating to rig activity, wells, oil production, NGL production, Onshore well count, offshore rig count and more. MORE Facebook Followers 87. 6K Twitter Followers 146. 6K 75. Oil and Gas Watch News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website news. oilandgaswatch. org Spotlighting the Environmental Impact of Oil, Gas, and Petrochemical Expansion Facebook Followers 740 Instagram Followers 864 76. Oil & Gas News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ognnews. com OGN News is a Bahrain‑based media platform delivering authoritative, up‑to‑date news, analysis, and business intelligence across the energy sector—from oil, gas, and petrochemicals to renewables—in the Middle East and beyond. MORE Facebook Followers 4. 8K Twitter Followers 822 77. Ohio Oil & Gas Association Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Ohio Oil & Gas Association's blog features op‑eds, industry updates, advocacy letters, and commentary—primarily authored by its president—focused on natural gas, oil policies, regulatory issues, and community initiatives in Ohio. MORE Facebook Followers 5. 3K 78. OilNOW RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilnow. gy News and Information from the Oil and Gas sector in Guyana Facebook Followers 141. 3K 79. Vegas Consulting Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Vegas Consulting Group's blog offers expert insights, guides, and updates on quality systems, API standards, risk management, and compliance best practices tailored for the oil & gas and manufacturing industries. MORE Facebook Followers 120 Twitter Followers 34 Instagram Followers 212 80. Pipeline and Gas Journal RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website pgjonline. com Pipeline & Gas Journal is the essential resource for technology and trends in the global midstream industry. Facebook Followers 14. 2K Twitter Followers 30. 8K 81. BP News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Find press releases and speeches as well as news and feature articles on BP, our people and where and how we operate around the world Instagram Followers 129. 7K 82. Natural Gas Intelligence RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website naturalgasintel. com Daily natural gas news and price data from NGI - Natural Gas Intelligence, covering North American shale and conventional gas markets. News, analysis, price data--all in one place. Facebook Followers 1. 1K Twitter Followers 21. 1K 83. Oil Review Middle East RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilreviewmiddleeast. com Oil Review Middle East is the region's leading oil and gas magazine that covers the exploration and production, upstream and downstream petroleum industry from the Gulf Corporation Council states and Iran to North Africa and the Caspian. MORE Twitter Followers 3. 4K 84. Oil and Gas People RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Oil and Gas People first for breaking oil industry news from around the globe. Oil and Gas People is working to create a LIVE snapshot of the entire oil and gas workforce and it's current availability. MORE Facebook Followers 182. 6K Twitter Followers 12. 1K Instagram Followers 123 85. CNBC RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Latest news on oil prices, fracking, drilling, refining, and processing for gas by CNBC. Facebook Followers 4. 6M Twitter Followers 5. 4M Instagram Followers 2. 9M 86. Fuel Fix RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Houston's daily must-read source for news and analysis on the oil, gas and energy business. Facebook Followers 6. 9K Twitter Followers 14. 5K Instagram Followers 354K 87. EnergyNow RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energynow. ca EnergyNow is an online media service dedicated to delivering the latest energy news, data, and jobs to the Canadian oil and gas industry. Facebook Followers 2. 3K 88. Digital Oil & Gas Solutions Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Our oil and gas blog comprises helpful information about all aspects related to your business sector. Find out how to utilize technologies to drive more revenue and improve customer & employee satisfaction levels. Digital Oil & Gas Solutions provide consulting services and oil & gas business solutions. MORE 89. PE Media Network RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Petroleum Economist gives essential insight and intelligence on oil, its politics and economics presented in a way that makes it quick to absorb. Petroleum Economist, Hydrogen Economist, Transition Economist. MORE Facebook Followers 8K Twitter Followers 66K 90. Q2Technologies News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Q2 Technologies is a leading manufacturer of H2S scavenger chemistries and MEA-Triazine. With over 17 years of experience, we are offering superior engineering, application, and chemical solutions. We ensure the quality of our products and the protection of your equipment as well as the environment. MORE 91. OGJ RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ogj. com The Oil & Gas Journal, first published in 1902, is the world's most widely read petroleum industry publication. Each week, in print on the first Monday of each month and in digital format on other Mondays, OGJ delivers international oil and gas industry news; analysis of issues and events; practical technology for design, operation, and maintenance of oil and gas operations; and important statistics on energy markets and industry activity. MORE Facebook Followers 91. 7K Twitter Followers 220. 3K 92. Ascension Technologies, Inc. Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ATI's mission is to maximize and optimize the economic recovery of the earth's resources in an environmentally responsible manner through 'Next Generation Products & Technologies'. 93. rigskills Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website This Blog is related to oil and gas drilling rig training courses and literature. Drilling rig is used for well drilling for the oil and gas industry. Facebook Followers 5. 8K Twitter Followers 4 Since Feb 2019 94. PetroSkills Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Oil & Gas Training blog is a great source for training news in the petroleum industry as well as information about PetroSkills courses, the PetroSkills Alliance, and technical pieces from our world-class instructors. MORE Facebook Followers 9. 9K Twitter Followers 1. 6K 95. McKinsey & Company » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Read our latest research, articles, and reports on Oil & Gas on the changes that matter most for the challenges and opportunities ahead. 96. GET Global Group Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website GET Global Group's blog offers strategic insights and analysis on the oil & gas and energy sector—covering market trends, emerging technologies, training, safety practices, procurement, and regional updates such as those from KSA and Guyana. MORE 97. StartUs Insights » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The StartUs Insights 'Innovator's Guide Oil & Gas' page offers a data-driven overview of the oil and gas sector—highlighting market size, emerging tech trends (like additive manufacturing, IoT, AI, blockchain, carbon capture), and startup innovation shaping the industry's future. MORE 98. Q2 Technologies News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Q2 Technologies' blog covers the latest advancements, industry insights, and product updates focused on hydrogen sulfide (H₂S) and mercaptan removal solutions across oil & gas, natural gas, wastewater, and pulp & paper sectors. MORE 99. Texas Oil & Gas Association News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Texas Oil & Gas Association's news page offers timely coverage of industry developments—featuring legislative session updates, monthly industry roundups, energy security insights, job and production statistics, and expert podcast episodes. MORE Facebook Followers 127. 9K Twitter Followers 13. 7K Instagram Followers 5. 4K Show 100 to 515 ×. . . Loading. . . Share this list New to FeedSpot? Continue with Google Continue with Apple OR Follow Top 100 Oil and Gas RSS Feeds from one place on FeedSpot Reader -- OR -- Continue with Google


=== 2025-11-05 17:12:07 | https://rss.feedspot.com/oil_and_gas_rss_feeds/#h5452139 | 36.32 KB ===

Top 100 Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Get 250k Bloggers, Podcasters and Publications RSS feeds with email contacts. Export Full Database Top Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Request RSS Feeds Export RSS List Top 100 Oil & Gas RSS Feeds Total Views 8K ⋅ Oct 16, 2025 ⋅ Contents Follow Top 100 Oil and Gas RSS Feeds from one place on FeedSpot Reader Share The best Oil And Gas rss feed list curated from thousands of rss feeds on the web and ranked by relevancy, authority, social media followers & freshness. Export the full list with RSS Feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Submit Your Blog Sponsor this list Full Database Export Contents Oil And Gas RSS Feeds Oil & Gas 360 RSS Feed SHALE Magazine RSS Feed Mees RSS Feed Egypt Oil & Gas News RSS Feed Uvtsolutions. com RSS Feed DIC OIL TOOLS Blog RSS Feed Permian Basin Oil and Gas Magazine RSS Feed OilPrice. com RSS Feed OE Digital RSS Feed Energy Voice RSS Feed BOE Report RSS Feed Iraq Business News RSS Feed Oilfield Technology RSS Feed AOGdigital RSS Feed Exprodat RSS Feed Oil Gas Leads Blog RSS Feed Enverus Blog RSS Feed The Energy Law Blog RSS Feed Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog RSS Feed Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin RSS Feed Oilnewskenya RSS Feed Pickett Oilfield, LLC Blog RSS Feed Malcy's Blog RSS Feed Oilholics Synonymous Report RSS Feed Aresco LP RSS Feed Drillers. com Blog RSS Feed Crude Oil Futures RSS Feed Oilfield Job Shop Articles RSS Feed King Operating Corporation Blog RSS Feed Novi Labs » Machine Learning in Oil and Gas RSS Feed Rextag Corporation Blog RSS Feed Valor Blog RSS Feed The Energy Law Blog » Oil & Gas Law RSS Feed Oil & Gas Career RSS Feed Bell Oil & Gas RSS Feed Oil and Gas blog RSS Feed Energy & the Law RSS Feed Gasify Middle East Blog RSS Feed Palmer Gas & Oil Blog RSS Feed Oil Gas Daily RSS Feed Energy, Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed The Economic Times » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Drilling Contractor RSS Feed Thermo Fisher Scientific Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Scambio Termico RSS Feed Technico RSS Feed Drilling Manual RSS Feed Orient Energy Review RSS Feed Reportingoilandgas RSS Feed Adrian - Oil and Gas RSS Feed Modalpoint Blog RSS Feed Gas and Oil RSS Feed Thoughts on Alaska Oil & Gas RSS Feed Medium RSS Feed Oil and Gas Employees RSS Feed Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine RSS Feed Pivoten News RSS Feed Cawley, Gillespie & Associates Blog RSS Feed Comanche Blog RSS Feed Rigzone RSS Feed Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. Blog RSS Feed S&P Global Commodity » Oil RSS Feed DNV » Energy RSS Feed American Oil & Gas Reporter RSS Feed RBN Energy RSS Feed Evaluate Energy RSS Feed APPEA RSS Feed OEUK RSS Feed Pipeline Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed Caterpillar Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Domestic Operating Blog RSS Feed Energy Domain Blog RSS Feed Mineral View » Oil & Gas RSS Feed World Oil News RSS Feed Oil and Gas Watch News RSS Feed Oil & Gas News RSS Feed Ohio Oil & Gas Association Blog RSS Feed OilNOW RSS Feed Vegas Consulting Blog RSS Feed Pipeline and Gas Journal RSS Feed BP News RSS Feed Natural Gas Intelligence RSS Feed Oil Review Middle East RSS Feed Oil and Gas People RSS Feed CNBC RSS Feed Fuel Fix RSS Feed EnergyNow RSS Feed Digital Oil & Gas Solutions Blog RSS Feed PE Media Network RSS Feed Q2Technologies News RSS Feed OGJ RSS Feed Ascension Technologies, Inc. Blog RSS Feed rigskills Blog RSS Feed PetroSkills Blog RSS Feed McKinsey & Company » Oil & Gas RSS Feed GET Global Group Blog RSS Feed StartUs Insights » Oil & Gas RSS Feed Q2 Technologies News RSS Feed Texas Oil & Gas Association News RSS Feed View all Oil and Gas RSS Feeds FeedSpot Reader. 1. Oil & Gas 360 RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas360. com Oil & Gas 360 is an investors single source for original oil and gas news, information, earnings and analysis. The best event calendar in the industry. Facebook Followers 668 Instagram Followers 411 Export RSS feeds list Get access to 250k active RSS feeds of news websites, blogs, magazines and podcasts with email contacts in 1500 niche categories. ( Export Full Database ) Get targeted RSS list in your niche at your fingertips. Email us the categories of RSS feeds you're interested in at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email. We'll share the list in an Excel spreadsheet or CSV format. Email us Export RSS List 2. SHALE Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website shalemag. com Shale Magazine Oil & Gas provides up to date energy news from the experts in their field. With all sources of energy, stay up to date with Shale. SHALE Oil & Gas Business Magazine is the Premier Magazine Covering the Shale Revolution. We are a publication which showcases the dynamic impact of the energy industry. MORE Facebook Followers 1 Twitter Followers 2. 7K 3. Mees RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website MEES has been publishing industry-leading weekly analysis of the region's oil and gas developments for over 6 decades. Home to the world's largest and lowest cost oil and gas reserves, the Middle East and North Africa area is a region of heady possibilities, but one fraught with pitfalls. MORE Twitter Followers 8. 2K 4. Egypt Oil & Gas News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Egypt Oil & Gas is the leading information provider for the Egyptian petroleum industry, offering a monthly publication, daily updates, concession maps, industry and analysis reports; in addition to major industry events. MORE Facebook Followers 27. 3K Twitter Followers 2. 5K Instagram Followers 2. 8K Request 515 Oil and Gas Blogs, Podcasts and Media outlets RSS feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Email us at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email Email us 5. Uvtsolutions. com RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website uvtsolutions. com UVT addresses the issues of abandoned and orphaned oil wells across the globe. In much the same way that ocean cleanup has taken a priority on environmental and societal agendas, UVT is helping to lead the charge in how our government and society prioritize the issues of abandoned and orphaned wells. We do this by developing, testing and proving that there is a better, more financially viable, solution to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions. MORE 6. DIC OIL TOOLS Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website We are one of the leading Suppliers of the highest quality products for the Oil & Gas Industry. Our Product Range Includes Thread Protectors, Pup Joints, Centralizers, Cement Baskets, Cementing Plug, Float Equipment, Packers, Spacer Spools, Hammer Union, Flanges, Tubing Spools, and Float Equipment, etc. All products are tested numerous times under technical guidance and are made from the best quality material. MORE 7. Permian Basin Oil and Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website pboilandgasmagazine. com The Permian Basin Petroleum Association is a non-profit organization for the promotion of business efficiency and the betterment of Permian Basin oil business through cooperative efforts and the exchange of ideas. MORE Facebook Followers 11. 9K Twitter Followers 1. 9K 8. OilPrice. com RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilprice. com Oilprice. com is the most popular energy news site in the world. Our analysis focuses on Oil and Gas, Alternative Energy, and Geopolitics. We offer extensive coverage of all energy sectors from crude oil & natural gas to solar energy and wind power. MORE Facebook Followers 100. 1K Twitter Followers 71. 8K Since Dec 1990 9. OE Digital RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Blog post covers Oil News, Analysis & Technology. OE offers multiple ways to stay up-to-date on the latest technology and trends necessary to help you do your job. Facebook Followers 7. 2K Twitter Followers 15K 10. Energy Voice RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Providing the latest news, videos and interviews from across the oil, gas and renewable energy sectors. Facebook Followers 5. 9K Twitter Followers 15. 5K 11. BOE Report RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website boereport. com The source for oil & gas news, activity, and information. BOEReport. com features: real-time news headlines, well activity map and data, property listings, commodity prices, economic releases, and industry jobs. MORE Facebook Followers 6. 3K Twitter Followers 5. 8K Export RSS feeds list Get access to 250k active RSS feeds of news websites, blogs, magazines and podcasts with email contacts in 1500 niche categories. Get targeted RSS list in your niche at your fingertips. Email us the categories of RSS feeds you're interested in at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email. We'll share the list in an Excel spreadsheet or CSV format. Email us Export RSS List 12. Iraq Business News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Iraq Business News brings you the latest on developments and opportunities in the oil and gas industry in Iraq. Facebook Followers 12. 1K Twitter Followers 277 13. Oilfield Technology RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilfieldtechnology. com Oilfield Technology is the premier source of technical & analytical information for the global upstream oil and gas sector. Find the latest upstream news, events, and interviews from the oilfield industry, including oil rigs, drilling, oil fracking, and offshore & onshore projects. MORE Facebook Followers 9. 6K Twitter Followers 1. 8K 14. AOGdigital RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website aogdigital. com AOGdigital brings you the latest trends, market dynamics, and technologies that impact the oil and gas sector in Asia. Follow to get the latest Asian Oil & Gas news. Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 159 15. Exprodat RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Exprodat provides GIS and information management solutions to the upstream oil and gas industry, blending GIS, IT, geoscience, and oil and gas industry expertise. They specialize in improving upstream petroleum E&P processes by helping oil and gas industry companies apply GIS technology. MORE Facebook Followers 387 Twitter Followers 738 16. Oil Gas Leads Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website OilGasLeads. com is a site dedicated to help companies selling to Oil & Gas Operators and Midstream companies. The site offers free lists of Oil & Gas Operators in Canada and the United States. Insights into the oil and gas industry providing specific information on oil and gas companies, drilling companies, and producers. MORE Since Oct 2018 17. Enverus Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Enverus (Formerly Drillinginfo) provides oil & gas software across the energy spectrum. Powerful data, insights & analytics for the entire energy value chain. Facebook Followers 103. 8K Twitter Followers 11. 9K 18. The Energy Law Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website theenergylawblog. com The Energy Law Blog published by Liskow & Lewis provides updates on oil and gas exploration, production, drilling, and transportation law. Facebook Followers 523 Twitter Followers 338 Since Dec 2006 19. Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website At Oil and Gas Lawyer Blog, stay updated on the oil and gas legal landscape, laws, and leasing trends. John McFarland, a shareholder at Graves, Dougherty, Hearon and Moody in Austin, Texas, specializes in representing landowners and mineral owners in oil, gas, mineral, water, and environmental law matters, offering expert insights in transactional and litigation contexts. MORE Twitter Followers 395 Request 515 Oil and Gas Blogs, Podcasts and Media outlets RSS feeds in a spreadsheet or csv file. Email us at anuj@feedspot. com Copy email Get Spreadsheet 20. Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas-investments. com Oil & Gas Investments Bulletin gives the finest independent news source and blog commentary on the North America Oil and Gas Industry. Its mission is to cover the technology revolution that is happening in the oil and gas industry. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 45. 9K Since Jul 2011 21. Oilnewskenya RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilnewskenya. com Latest Oil and Gas News from East Africa, Also hydrocarbon exploration, geothermal, drilling, discoveries, pipeline, wind and solar energy news. Also have a view of some of Production Sharing Agreements between governments in the region and various oil companies exploring for oil and gas. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 13 22. Pickett Oilfield, LLC Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Headquartered in the Houston Area, Pickett Oilfield, LLC is an international buyer and seller of new, used and refurbished oil & gas drilling equipment. Twitter Followers 1. 6K Instagram Followers 156 23. Malcy's Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website malcysblog. com Malcolm has over 30 years' experience in the Oil & Gas sector and is a widely used media source. He often appears in print and on screen, and also writes an acclaimed daily blog read by much of the resources industry as well as investors both institutional and retail. MORE Twitter Followers 8. 5K 24. Oilholics Synonymous Report RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilholicssynonymous. com Oil and gas markets and crude oil price blog by energy analyst Gaurav Sharma. Twitter Followers 2. 7K Since Dec 2009 25. Aresco LP RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website arescotx. com Oil and gas investment opportunities in Texas for quality drilling & income projects for industry, accredited, & institutional investors. Facebook Followers 2. 5K Twitter Followers 3. 8K 26. Drillers. com Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Read published articles and press releases on drillers. com. Drillers. com is one of the oldest oil and gas-related websites in the world and was the very first online oil and gas recruitment site. The website is now redesigned and evolved so that we keep the best of the 'old' and add new innovative features and helpful information to attract and engage with our target audience. MORE Facebook Followers 2. 5K Twitter Followers 1. 5K Since Feb 2015 27. Crude Oil Futures RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilfutures. co. uk In this blog, data related to the oil and gas industry is analyzed and then articles are written about them. Contents are original. Sometimes, users can interactively play with data. Facebook Followers 2. 7K Twitter Followers 1. 1K 28. Oilfield Job Shop Articles RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Today's oil and gas industry can be rough to find work. We're here to change that, check out our website and find the right job for you today. Mission to be your number one spot for quality oilfield jobs. MORE Facebook Followers 234. 8K Twitter Followers 874 Instagram Followers 14. 1K 29. King Operating Corporation Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 152 30. Novi Labs » Machine Learning in Oil and Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Energy Analytics for better investment decisions 31. Rextag Corporation Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Rextag, under Hart Energy, meticulously gathers energy data from diverse sources, compiling a comprehensive database. They offer licensed data in various formats to clients across the energy spectrum. Serving all industry segments, including upstream, midstream, downstream, renewables, and more, Rextag's subscription-based or customized data services cater to diverse needs, fostering informed decision-making. MORE Facebook Followers 578 Twitter Followers 83 Instagram Followers 62 32. Valor Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website blog. onevalor. com Valor's blog is here to provide oil and gas industry updates and insights, from our team of outsourcing experts. Facebook Followers 1. 1K 33. The Energy Law Blog » Oil & Gas Law RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Insight and Analysis of Legal Issues Impacting the Energy Industry Facebook Followers 523 Twitter Followers 338 Instagram Followers 307 34. Oil & Gas Career RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oil-and-gas-career. com Prepare for a Successful Career in the Oil & Gas World Facebook Followers 14. 8K 35. Bell Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website A Leading Indigenous Oilfield Service Company 36. Oil and Gas blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgas2010. blogspot. com Blog for all information, news, books, references and scientific papers related to oil and gas engineering. 37. Energy & the Law RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energyandthelaw. com 'Energy and The Law' serves as a comprehensive resource for legal insights into oil, gas, and alternative energy. Authored by Charles Sartain, a seasoned lawyer, it offers analysis and commentary on energy law developments. Sartain specializes in resolving intricate energy disputes in Texas and Louisiana via litigation, arbitration, and negotiation. MORE Since Jan 2012 38. Gasify Middle East Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Stay updated with Gasify Middle East's blog. Discover tips, and trends for the oil and gas industry in the UAE, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, and the Middle East. 39. Palmer Gas & Oil Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Palmer Gas & Oil's blog offers helpful insights and practical advice on propane and heating solutions — covering topics like 'Propane 101, ' tank pressure safety, off-grid living, boiler vs furnace comparisons, and New Hampshire energy assistance programs. MORE Facebook Followers 4. 2K Instagram Followers 885 40. Oil Gas Daily RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilgasdaily. com Oil News - Gas News - OilGasDaily. com brings you daily news on the oil and gas industry. 41. Energy, Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energy-oil-gas. com Energy, Oil & Gas magazine (EOG) focuses on the issues that are fundamental to senior executives across the global energy sector and associated industries. Celebrating all that is remarkable in the global energy industry, over course of its history Energy, Oil & Gas has featured some of the world's finest companies. MORE Twitter Followers 2. 7K OR Continue with Google 42. The Economic Times » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed economictimes. indiatimes. com. . Follow RSS Website economictimes. indiatimes. com. . Oil & Gas Sector News: Read the latest oil sector news, Gas industry updates on The Economic Times. Get all the information about BPCL, NRL, Petrol Price, LPG, CNG & ONGC latest Updates, Videos and Mor MORE Facebook Followers 4. 6M Twitter Followers 4. 4M OR Continue with Google 43. Drilling Contractor RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website drillingcontractor. org Get oil and gas drilling news, videos, ebooks, and more. Drilling Contractor is the official magazine of the International Association of Drilling Contractors. The website is dedicated to all things drilling and completions and offers enhanced editorial to complement the print magazine, including animations, videos, additional graphics, and content to help readers keep up with the newest trends in the industry. MORE Facebook Followers 29. 8K Twitter Followers 5. 4K OR Continue with Google 44. Thermo Fisher Scientific Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 171. 9K Twitter Followers 67. 3K OR Continue with Google 45. Scambio Termico RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website heatexchan. blogspot. com Giuseppe Tommasone is an EPC Contractor Consultant who has helped over 3, 000 small, medium, and large businesses including Oil &Gas, Power, Steelworks Chemicals Pharma, and EPC customers. He shares his insights and wealth of experience from the Heat Transfer industry in this blog. MORE OR Continue with Google 46. Technico RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Here you'll news and information on what is happening at Technico and around the industries served by them. Find insights and market perspectives on the Gas industry, Household Gas usage tips, and more. Founded in 1985, Technico is a leader in wholesale distribution and are your single source fornatural gas/propane, equipment, and supplies. MORE Facebook Followers 9 Instagram Followers 4 OR Continue with Google 47. Drilling Manual RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website drillingmanual. com Drilling manual is a simple guide for all rig workers, crew, contractors employee and especially drilling engineers. You shall find a lot of topics as casing design, drill string design, drilling mud testing and types, cementing and alot of useful procedures & calculations spreadsheets. Our goal to provide assistance to build your knowledge about drilling oilfield. The contents are presented in easy way in order to make learning from this website an easy job. MORE Facebook Followers 103. 7K Twitter Followers 1. 3K Since Oct 2017 48. Orient Energy Review RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Orient Energy Review covers Oil and Gas industry news across the world. Facebook Followers 8. 5K Twitter Followers 1. 5K Instagram Followers 1. 2K Since Apr 2014 49. Reportingoilandgas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website reportingoilandgas. org Comprehensive Ghana Oil and Gas news, information, updates, analysis. Facebook Followers 8. 9K Twitter Followers 3. 4K 50. Adrian - Oil and Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website adrianoil. blogspot. com Following what goes on with oil and gas exploitation in and around Adrian, Michigan since 2013 - and how these events in our little city connect to the global environmental situation with the occasional sidetrack to other related environmental issues in Lenawee county, Michigan and how those relate to global issues. MORE 51. Modalpoint Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website I lead a small but dedicated team of industry professionals, with a laser focus on the intersection of the Oil and Gas industry and your revenue stream. We are the Oil and Gas sales experts. Facebook Followers 313 Twitter Followers 11. 9K 52. Gas and Oil RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website gasandoil. blogspot. com Gas and oil issues as they pertain to the Newfoundland & Labrador, and Canadian consumer. George Murphy keeps you informed of fuel pricing issues, making sure you're ahead of Big Oil's pricing curve! MORE Twitter Followers 10. 1K 53. Thoughts on Alaska Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website bgkeithley. com News & Commentary on Alaska Oil, Gas & Fiscal Policy from Brad Keithley. Brad Keithley is a former business executive, lawyer and consultant with over 35 years experience working on oil, gas and fiscal issues. MORE Facebook Followers 6. 4K Twitter Followers 2. 2K 54. Medium RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website A Smart Marketplace for Oil & Gas and Energy Infrastructure Projects. 55. Oil and Gas Employees RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilandgasemployees. com My name is Howard Lee Shaw, Jr. I have been in the oil and gas industry for over 28 years. The last 22 have been associated with the inspection side of the industry. My years involved with the industry actually extends beyond 30 given the fact that I am third-generation oil and gas. I wanted to start a blog and share my experiences and knowledge and hope that some of what I have to offer may be of value to others not only in the oil and gas industry but in other professions as well. MORE Since Oct 2020 56. Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website scandoil. com Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine is your premier source for in-depth information on developments within the oil & gas industry in the Northern Seas. The magazine covers all areas of the offshore industry, from policy to platforms, research to rig retirement. The magazine features insightful interviews with oil and gas professionals and executives, as well as politicians. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 2K Twitter Followers 2. 1K 57. Pivoten News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Pivoten offers advanced oil & gas accounting software designed to streamline your financial operations. Enhance accuracy, efficiency, and compliance with our robust solutions tailored for the energy sector. MORE 58. Cawley, Gillespie & Associates Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Oil and Gas Industry News & Articles brought to you by Cawley, Gillespie and Associates, Inc. (CG&A) - Independent petroleum engineering consulting services. 59. Comanche Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Comanche Gas Solutions is the leading provider of natural gas fuel management in drilling and completions across the United States. 60. Rigzone RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Rigzone is the world's largest online resource in oil and gas news, jobs, recruitment services, advertising, events, and data. If You are an industry proffesional, We connect you to the news you are looking for, the career opportunities you want, and the actionable insights and data needed to tackle any industry and career challenges that may come your way. MORE Facebook Followers 13 Twitter Followers 107. 5K 61. Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Since 2009, Asian Sealing Products Pvt Ltd. has been manufacturing and delivering sturdy products for the Oil and Gas Industry across the world. Discover the excellence of spiral gaskets from top manufacturers in India. Explore our comprehensive guide for quality and reliability. MORE Twitter Followers 4 62. S&P Global Commodity » Oil RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website S&P Global Platts provides critical information for the commodities & energy markets to make physical commodity markets more transparent and efficient. Platts Oil helps to develop, connect & explain the market price of crude oil and oil products. Discover how you can access our oil prices, news & analysis MORE Facebook Followers 9. 7K Twitter Followers 136. 8K Since Apr 2007 63. DNV » Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Here you find an overview of the Oil & Gas saftey and risk methodology. Enhance knowledge sharing and inspire to drive the industry further in a safe and reliable direction. Facebook Followers 27. 1K Twitter Followers 26. 2K 64. American Oil & Gas Reporter RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website aogr. com A monthly trade journal proudly serving US-based independent oil and gas producers. We cover all the best of business trends & technical information about exploration, drilling, completions, and production. MORE Twitter Followers 729 65. RBN Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website rbnenergy. com RBN Energy is a fundamentals analytics company known for its energy markets consultancy. It provides market advisory services specializing in strategy, acquisitions and divestures for firms engaged in trading, marketing or purchasing of energy commodities, purchase and sale of energy related assets and E&P for oil and gas. MORE Facebook Followers 482 Twitter Followers 8. 5K 66. Evaluate Energy RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website We believe you need the best, most accurate and timely data to make quality decisions, and you deserve a system that is transparent, easy-to-use, fast and flexible. And we know it's important to continuously improve our product in response to market feedback. MORE Twitter Followers 850 67. APPEA RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Australian Petroleum Production & Exploration Association is the peak national body representing Australia's oil and gas exploration and production industry. APPEA's vision is to achieve a growing and internationally competitive Australian oil and gas industry that makes a vital and sustained contribution to the nation's economy. MORE Facebook Followers 743 68. OEUK RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oeuk. org. uk Keep up with the latest Oil and Gas News and updates. OGUK is the leading representative body for the UK offshore oil and gas industry, delivering energy security and net zero together with our members. MORE Facebook Followers 1. 1K Twitter Followers 48. 9K 69. Pipeline Oil & Gas Magazine RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Pipeline Oil and Gas Magazine brings latest Oil, Gas and Energy news from across the globe. Stay updated with Oil news, energy news, gas news through: articles, blogs, videos, project updates and interviews with movers and shakers of oil, gas and energy sector. MORE 70. Caterpillar Blog » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Caterpillar builds enduring partnerships, redefining industry standards for over 80 years. In oil and gas, they champion innovation while prioritizing sustainability. With expert support and cutting-edge solutions, Caterpillar empowers operators to optimize operations and stay ahead in a dynamic industry. MORE Facebook Followers 2M Twitter Followers 152. 8K Instagram Followers 1M 71. Domestic Operating Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Home 72. Energy Domain Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Facebook Followers 164 73. Mineral View » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Stay updated with the latest oil & gas industry news, trending headlines, and expert insights. Explore the most popular stories and key market trends today. Facebook Followers 32 74. World Oil News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website World Oil provides daily news, trends and data for the global upstream industry, including in-depth coverage of deepwater, subsea, shale, exploration, drilling, well completion, unconventionals and other sectors of the offshore and onshore oil and gas industries. Turn to World Oil for the latest advances, technological applications, company press releases and executives moves relating to oil and gas, as well as updated data relating to rig activity, wells, oil production, NGL production, Onshore well count, offshore rig count and more. MORE Facebook Followers 87. 6K Twitter Followers 146. 6K 75. Oil and Gas Watch News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website news. oilandgaswatch. org Spotlighting the Environmental Impact of Oil, Gas, and Petrochemical Expansion Facebook Followers 740 Instagram Followers 864 76. Oil & Gas News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ognnews. com OGN News is a Bahrain‑based media platform delivering authoritative, up‑to‑date news, analysis, and business intelligence across the energy sector—from oil, gas, and petrochemicals to renewables—in the Middle East and beyond. MORE Facebook Followers 4. 8K Twitter Followers 822 77. Ohio Oil & Gas Association Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Ohio Oil & Gas Association's blog features op‑eds, industry updates, advocacy letters, and commentary—primarily authored by its president—focused on natural gas, oil policies, regulatory issues, and community initiatives in Ohio. MORE Facebook Followers 5. 3K 78. OilNOW RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilnow. gy News and Information from the Oil and Gas sector in Guyana Facebook Followers 141. 3K 79. Vegas Consulting Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Vegas Consulting Group's blog offers expert insights, guides, and updates on quality systems, API standards, risk management, and compliance best practices tailored for the oil & gas and manufacturing industries. MORE Facebook Followers 120 Twitter Followers 34 Instagram Followers 212 80. Pipeline and Gas Journal RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website pgjonline. com Pipeline & Gas Journal is the essential resource for technology and trends in the global midstream industry. Facebook Followers 14. 2K Twitter Followers 30. 8K 81. BP News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Find press releases and speeches as well as news and feature articles on BP, our people and where and how we operate around the world Instagram Followers 129. 7K 82. Natural Gas Intelligence RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website naturalgasintel. com Daily natural gas news and price data from NGI - Natural Gas Intelligence, covering North American shale and conventional gas markets. News, analysis, price data--all in one place. Facebook Followers 1. 1K Twitter Followers 21. 1K 83. Oil Review Middle East RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website oilreviewmiddleeast. com Oil Review Middle East is the region's leading oil and gas magazine that covers the exploration and production, upstream and downstream petroleum industry from the Gulf Corporation Council states and Iran to North Africa and the Caspian. MORE Twitter Followers 3. 4K 84. Oil and Gas People RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Oil and Gas People first for breaking oil industry news from around the globe. Oil and Gas People is working to create a LIVE snapshot of the entire oil and gas workforce and it's current availability. MORE Facebook Followers 182. 6K Twitter Followers 12. 1K Instagram Followers 123 85. CNBC RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Latest news on oil prices, fracking, drilling, refining, and processing for gas by CNBC. Facebook Followers 4. 6M Twitter Followers 5. 4M Instagram Followers 2. 9M 86. Fuel Fix RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Houston's daily must-read source for news and analysis on the oil, gas and energy business. Facebook Followers 6. 9K Twitter Followers 14. 5K Instagram Followers 354K 87. EnergyNow RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website energynow. ca EnergyNow is an online media service dedicated to delivering the latest energy news, data, and jobs to the Canadian oil and gas industry. Facebook Followers 2. 3K 88. Digital Oil & Gas Solutions Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Our oil and gas blog comprises helpful information about all aspects related to your business sector. Find out how to utilize technologies to drive more revenue and improve customer & employee satisfaction levels. Digital Oil & Gas Solutions provide consulting services and oil & gas business solutions. MORE 89. PE Media Network RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Petroleum Economist gives essential insight and intelligence on oil, its politics and economics presented in a way that makes it quick to absorb. Petroleum Economist, Hydrogen Economist, Transition Economist. MORE Facebook Followers 8K Twitter Followers 66K 90. Q2Technologies News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Q2 Technologies is a leading manufacturer of H2S scavenger chemistries and MEA-Triazine. With over 17 years of experience, we are offering superior engineering, application, and chemical solutions. We ensure the quality of our products and the protection of your equipment as well as the environment. MORE 91. OGJ RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ogj. com The Oil & Gas Journal, first published in 1902, is the world's most widely read petroleum industry publication. Each week, in print on the first Monday of each month and in digital format on other Mondays, OGJ delivers international oil and gas industry news; analysis of issues and events; practical technology for design, operation, and maintenance of oil and gas operations; and important statistics on energy markets and industry activity. MORE Facebook Followers 91. 7K Twitter Followers 220. 3K 92. Ascension Technologies, Inc. Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website ATI's mission is to maximize and optimize the economic recovery of the earth's resources in an environmentally responsible manner through 'Next Generation Products & Technologies'. 93. rigskills Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website This Blog is related to oil and gas drilling rig training courses and literature. Drilling rig is used for well drilling for the oil and gas industry. Facebook Followers 5. 8K Twitter Followers 4 Since Feb 2019 94. PetroSkills Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Oil & Gas Training blog is a great source for training news in the petroleum industry as well as information about PetroSkills courses, the PetroSkills Alliance, and technical pieces from our world-class instructors. MORE Facebook Followers 9. 9K Twitter Followers 1. 6K 95. McKinsey & Company » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Read our latest research, articles, and reports on Oil & Gas on the changes that matter most for the challenges and opportunities ahead. 96. GET Global Group Blog RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website GET Global Group's blog offers strategic insights and analysis on the oil & gas and energy sector—covering market trends, emerging technologies, training, safety practices, procurement, and regional updates such as those from KSA and Guyana. MORE 97. StartUs Insights » Oil & Gas RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The StartUs Insights 'Innovator's Guide Oil & Gas' page offers a data-driven overview of the oil and gas sector—highlighting market size, emerging tech trends (like additive manufacturing, IoT, AI, blockchain, carbon capture), and startup innovation shaping the industry's future. MORE 98. Q2 Technologies News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website Q2 Technologies' blog covers the latest advancements, industry insights, and product updates focused on hydrogen sulfide (H₂S) and mercaptan removal solutions across oil & gas, natural gas, wastewater, and pulp & paper sectors. MORE 99. Texas Oil & Gas Association News RSS Feed RSS Feed Follow RSS Website The Texas Oil & Gas Association's news page offers timely coverage of industry developments—featuring legislative session updates, monthly industry roundups, energy security insights, job and production statistics, and expert podcast episodes. MORE Facebook Followers 127. 9K Twitter Followers 13. 7K Instagram Followers 5. 4K Show 100 to 515 ×. . . Loading. . . Share this list New to FeedSpot? Continue with Google Continue with Apple OR Follow Top 100 Oil and Gas RSS Feeds from one place on FeedSpot Reader -- OR -- Continue with Google


