

# --- https://www.ten.com/en/cookies-policy ---
Skip to main content Last updated: 15 November 2024 served directly by the Website owner to your computer or mobile device. track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with the Website; understand the total number of visitors to our Website on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers (e. g. Firefox, Chrome or Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e. g. Windows or Mac OS) used by our visitors; monitor the performance of the Website and to continually improve it; Save your language preference Remember settings you have applied, such as layout, text size, preferences, and colours; Store accessibility options. Purpose Expiration Provider gdpr After end of session Internal Lang Language choice After end of session Internal OptanonAlertBoxClosed 1 year OneTrust OptanonConsent 1 year OneTrust Better understand our Website visitors so that we can improve how we present our content; Collect information about Website visitors such as where they are located and what browsers they are using; Determine the number of unique users of the Website; Improve the Website by measuring any errors that occur; and Conduct research and diagnostics to improve product offerings. Purpose Expiration Provider _gcl_au 2 months Google This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange 0 days Google IDE This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange 1 year Google CLID This domain is associated with Microsoft Clarity, a web analytics service that provides insights into user behavior on websites. 1 year Microsoft Clarity MUID This domain is associated with Microsoft Clarity, a web analytics service that provides insights into user behavior on websites. 1 year Microsoft Clarity _clsk Used by Microsoft Clarity to connect multiple page views by a user into a single Clarity session recording. 0 day Microsoft Clarity _clck 1 year Microsoft Clarity pa_user 1 year Piano Analytics _pcid Visitor ID of Piano Analytics 1 year Piano Analytics pa_privacy Privacy Mode persistence 1 year Piano Analytics _pctx Piano context storage 1 year Piano Analytics. Purpose Expiration Provider 2 years LinkedIn eu_cn, tfw_exp, mboxEdgeCluster, mbox, ct0, personalization_id, guest_id, gt, check, twittersess Are set by Twitter if the Twitter social plug-in on the Website has been activated by the user. <2 years Twitter 1P_JAR Display YouTube videos on the Website Persistent CONSENT Carries out information about how the end user uses the Website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the Website. Persistent VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE To keep track of user preferences for YouTube videos embedded in sites; it can also determine whether the website visitor is using the new or old version of the YouTube interface. 6 months YSC Track views of embedded videos After end of session privacy@ten. com if you have any questions or concerns. 6. Need more information? or at the address provided below: Technip Energies N. V. , ORIGINE, 2126 boulevard de la Défense, CS 10266, Nanterre CEDEX, 92741, France. A company incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands, with its corporate seat in Amsterdam, and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 76122654 Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Your Privacy More information Always Active Better understand our Website visitors so that we can improve how we present our content; Collect information about Website visitors such as where they are located and what browsers they are using; Determine the number of unique users of the Website; Improve the Website by measuring any errors that occur; and Conduct research and diagnostics to improve product offerings. • Save your language preference • Remember settings you have applied, such as layout, text size, preferences, and colours; • Save your language preference • Store accessibility options. Consent Leg. Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Reject All Allow All Yes No
