=== 2025-11-05 11:58:58 | https://totalenergies.com/ | 2.70 KB ===

TotalEnergies - integrated multi-energy company | TotalEnergies. com Stop automatic scrolling TotalEnergies' Third Quarter 2025 Results TotalEnergies' Third Quarter 2025 Results Learn more Conversion of ADRs into Ordinary Shares listed on the NYSE Conversion of ADRs into Ordinary Shares listed on the NYSE Learn more France: TotalEnergies Selected by the State as Operator of the Country’s Largest Renewable Energy Project France: TotalEnergies Selected by the State as Operator of the Country’s Largest Renewable Energy Project Learn more What Is the Lifecycle Carbon Intensity of Energy Products Sold? What Is the Lifecycle Carbon Intensity of Energy Products Sold? Learn more How Does TotalEnergies Make Planes Fly? How Does TotalEnergies Make Planes Fly? Learn more TotalEnergies is a global integrated energy company that produces and markets energies We provide the energy the world needs: ever more affordable, more sustainable, more reliable and accessible to as many people as possible. 40% Our objective of reducing Scope 1+2 emissions from our operated activities by 2030 > 100, 000 employees in around 120 countries 100 years of pioneering spirit Changing the way we produce energy We are investing to build the energy system of tomorrow, while continuing to provide the energy the world requires today. Innovation and R&D Gas AUSEA: The Innovative Technology for Reducing Methane and CO 2 Emissions Find out more Solar Danish Fields: Harnessing the Texan Sun to Boost our Decarbonization Drive Learn more Oil Tilenga and EACOP Projects: Acting Transparently Find out more Discover our projects and achievements Place sustainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of our strategy, projects and operations Energy and climate Safety and well-being of employees Environment Positive impact for stakeholders Our Company owes everything to its talents Find out about our jobs Press releases 2025 TotalEnergies Energy Outlook 2025 2025 Spain: TotalEnergies to Supply Renewable Electricity to Data4’s Data Centers for 10 Years 2025 TotalEnergies confirms the third interim dividend of €0. 85/share for fiscal year 2025, an increase of 7. 6% compared to 2024 2025 Third quarter 2025 results All press releases Calendar 2025 Ex-dividend date for the 2025 second interim dividend 2026 4 th quarter and full-year 2025 Results 2026 Sustainability & Climate 2026 workshop 2026 Ex-dividend date for the 2025 third interim dividend All events Receive our press releases Our reference publications Universal Registration Document 2024 PDF XBRL Xhtml Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report PDF TotalEnergies Energy Outlook 2024 PRESENTATION All our publications Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:02:58 | https://totalenergies.com/company/ambition/multi-energy-offer/low-carbon-electricity | 2.87 KB ===

Low-Carbon Electricity: Becoming a World Leader | TotalEnergies. com Low-Carbon Electricity: Becoming a World Leader Low-Carbon Electricity: Becoming a World Leader Electricity is a fast-growing market in which TotalEnergies is developing profitably. The Company's objective is to produce more than 100 TWh/year by 2030, which would place it among the world's top five producers of renewable electricity (wind and solar). TotalEnergies creates value through integration along the electricity chain. Developing flexible generation and storage capacities The intermittent nature of solar and wind projects creates a need for flexible generation and storage capacity to meet demand at all times and guarantee grid stability. TotalEnergies has a portfolio of controllable power generation from gas-fired power stations (CCGT). Eventually, this capacity will be decarbonized, either through its supply (biomethane or low-carbon hydrogen) or through the sequestration of its emissions. In terms of storage, TotalEnergies is relying on the expertise of Saft, which is also taking advantage of this fast-growing market. The Company's objective is to deploy 5 GW of storage capacity worldwide by 2030. 2025 TotalEnergies publishes its Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report and further strengthens its emissions reduction targets Find out more Solar Danish Fields: Harnessing the Texan Sun to Boost our Decarbonization Drive Find out more Electricity Battery-Based Energy Storage: Our Projects and Achievements Find out more Electricity With ACC, TotalEnergies is Speeding up Development of the European EV Battery Industry Find out more Wind Seagreen: Offshore Wind Farm Turns Wind Into Current Find out more Previous slide Next slide Diversifying TotalEnergies' market exposure TotalEnergies aims to build a portfolio with a balanced mix of regulated and deregulated markets. For the latter, which are often more competitive, the Company anticipates a long-term trend of rising electricity prices. TotalEnergies values the electricity it generates through a combination of long-term contracts and exposure to the wholesale markets to the tune of 30%, so as to capitalize on the value created by price fluctuations. Developing the customer portfolio TotalEnergies' integration extends to end-customer sales, with offers tailored to both private and business customers. By 2030, the Company aims to supply almost 10 million customers and sell 130 TWh. TotalEnergies is also targeting 150, 000 recharging points for electric vehicles. For its industrial customers, TotalEnergies offers long-term purchase contracts from its solar and wind farms, as well as distributed solar generation solutions. All about our multi-energy offer Natural gas Petroleum products New low-carbon energies Our ambition: to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, together with society Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:02:58 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/explore-produce/renewable-energies | 1.37 KB ===

Continuing to Develop Renewables with Solar Energy | TotalEnergies. com Strengthening Our Presence in Renewable Energies Strengthening Our Presence in Renewable Energies Electricity demand is set to rise faster than global demand for energy as a whole in the coming years. According to the International Energy Agency’s Sustainable Development Scenario, renewable energies will represent more than 35% of the world’s energy mix in 2040. To support this growth, our ambition is to achieve 100 gigawatts of gross installed renewable power generation capacity by 2030, through the development of our solar and wind energy businesses around the world. Solar and wind: Our ambition in renewable energies Confident of the opportunities afforded by renewable energies, we aim to attain electricity production of 120 TWh by 2030, mainly through the development of solar and wind power. Learn more Our worldwide solar power projects From Chile to Japan and South Africa, our solar power projects power hundreds of thousands of households around the world. Learn more Our worldwide wind power projects TotalEnergies is counting on onshore and offshore wind power to contribute to its ambition of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, in conjunction with the company. Find out more about our wind power projects. Learn more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:02:59 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/transform-develop/polymers | 8.59 KB ===

Innovative polymers for high-performance plastics - Total. com | TotalEnergies. com Polymers and plastics: the amount of recycled and renewable materials keeps growing ​​​​Our polymer business activities around the world By transforming oil, gas, biomass and plastic waste, we produce polymers, recycled polymers and biopolymers that can be incorporated in the plastic manufacturing process. Plastics and their properties can be harnessed to design products featuring a host of benefits (lightweight, hard-wearing, waterproof, etc. ). Those qualities have cemented their status as an essential part of our everyday lives. As a leading producer of polymers, TotalEnergies has a role to play in improving how end-of-life plastics are managed and thereby preventing them from ending up in the natural environment. We are spearheading several projects to reduce the environmental impact of our polymers, promote recycling and produce polymers from renewable materials. Our ambition is to reach 1 million tons of circular polymers by 2030. Most of our customers are processing professionals who use our polymers — polyethylene, polypropylene, polystyrene, their recycled equivalents and our biopolymers — to manufacture plastic-based finished products for different markets: Automotive: fenders, airbags, fuel tanks, interior components, etc. Construction pipes, insulation panels, artificial turf, carpets, etc. Health & hygiene: IV bags, syringes, razors, etc. Electrics & electronics: televisions, refrigerators, cables, etc. Packaging: protective film, bottle stoppers, trays, etc. Industrial packaging: containers, paint cans, etc. Using our polymers in these markets can help our customers reduce their carbon footprint by: Improving building insulation performance: installing plastic insulation in 50% of buildings could save 340 million tons of CO 2. Reducing the weight of vehicles: plastic vehicle parts are 40 to 50% lighter than parts made from alternative materials, which can trim 200 kg off each vehicle and thereby save 0. 5 L of fuel per 100 km. Curbing the impact of transporting food: if food products were packaged in materials other than plastic, the overall weight would be quadrupled, energy consumption would double and greenhouse gas emissions would triple. Source: Plastics Europe Reduce the environmental impact of our polymers: Tomorrow's plastics start today To help our customers rein in their CO 2 emissions and stand out in their markets, our experts are working closely alongside them in pioneering innovative processes and rolling those processes out on an industrial scale. The objective is to produce high value-added polymers that can be used to create plastics offering superior environmental performance and enhanced properties (lightweight, resilient, flexible, etc. ). From production through to end use, we are focused on producing polymers with a reduced environmental footprint. For example, we are continually enhancing our production processes to use less water and energy. We are also working on the properties of our polymers to help our customers continue scaling down their use of raw materials while guaranteeing equivalent or superior levels of performance. Eco-design principles are also influencing our efforts to engineer plastics that are easier to recycle. Our ambition is to reach 1 million tons of circular polymers by 2030 Plastic waste management is a mission-critical challenge facing the sector. We are working closely alongside all the professionals in the value chain, including plastic manufacturers, research centers, waste collection and sorting companies, and their customers, to deliver tangible solutions, such as developing different plastic recycling processes and using renewable raw materials to produce bioplastics. Developing plastic recycling processes Mechanical recycling is a mature technology that is capable of treating high-purity waste from collective sorting and recycling centers, as well as other post-consumer waste. Plastic waste is sorted and cleaned before being crushed and melted down for reuse. It is perfectly suited to applications in a number of markets, such as the automotive and construction industries. As trailblazers in the sector with our Circular Compounds® range, we produce polymers that contain no less than 50% of recycled materials while delivering similar performance levels to virgin polymers. In 2019, we acquired Synova, the French leader in producing high-performance recycled polypropylene for applications in the automotive and construction sectors. Late September 2021, we announced that the plant had doubled its production capacity for mechanically recycled polymers to achieve nearly 45, 000 t/year. Plastic recycling: inside Synova In December 2021, we signed a strategic partnership agreement with Plastic Omnium to mastermind new types of polypropylene meeting the standards that apply to the automotive industry. Advanced recycling is a leading-edge technology that complements mechanical recycling and which is capable of treating waste that cannot be mechanically recycled, thereby serving applications in high value-added markets, such as food packaging. Advanced recycling processes modify the molecular structure of plastic waste to create a basic raw material, namely monomers, which can be processed again into all-new polymers. To accelerate this technology's development, we are joining forces with professionals across the value chain to spearhead a number of large-scale projects, such as: Citeo, TotalEnergies, Recycling Technologies, Mars and Nestlé Join Forces to Develop Chemical Recycling of Plastics in France Citeo, TotalEnergies, Saint-Gobain and Syndifrais Join Forces to Create a Polystyrene Recycling Channel in France by 2020 Together with our partner Plastic Energy, a world leader in advanced recycling, we have made the following announcements: In September 2020, the construction of one of the first French advanced recycling plants at our future Grandpuits zero-crude platform (France). Once up and running, the platform will able to process 15, 000 t/year of plastic waste. In October 2021, we signed a strategic partnership agreement in the US, with plans to build an advanced recycling plant in Texas. The new plant will have the capacity to treat 33, 000 t/year of plastic waste. In January 2022, we signed a new strategic agreement to lead an advanced recycling project in Spain. This new plant will be scaled to process 33, 000 t/year of post-consumer plastic waste, most of which is currently destined for landfill or incineration. In February 2022, we announced that we had entered into an agreement with Honeywell to develop an advanced recycling project in Spain. TotalEnergies Accelerates in Plastics Recycling Using renewable raw materials to produce bioplastics PLA: a bio-based, recyclable and compostable polymer In 2016, we teamed up with Corbion, the world leader in lactic acid, to form the Total Corbion PLA joint venture, which develops, produces and markets PLA (polylactic acid), a bioplastic that can be manufactured from sugarcane or starch. Bio-based PLA can also be recycled and composted. This polymer is suitable for packaging, consumer goods, 3D printing and textiles. The joint venture owns a plant in Rayong (Thailand), with a capacity of 75, 000 t/year. The Total Corbion PLA joint venture is aiming to achieve a 10% market share by 2030 and become a global leader in PLA. Biopolymers made from other bio-based feedstock We provide to our customers a range of biopolymers featuring the same properties as virgin polymers by treating bio-based feedstock (vegetable oils or used cooking oil) that are now processed at the La Mède biorefinery (France). As part of our determination to go even further, we also announced in October 2020 that we had entered into a partnership with L’Oréal and Lanzatech to produce the first polyethylene packaging made from industrial carbon emissions. See also Since 2019, TotalEnergies has been a founding member of the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, which brings together some 40 companies from across the plastics and consumer goods value chain. Members have committed to spending more than $1 billion, with the goal of reaching $1. 5 billion within five years, on solutions to eliminate plastic waste in the environment, particularly in the oceans. Total becomes founding member of the new global alliance to end plastic waste Read more on TotalEnergies. com All of our refining and petrochemicals activities Committed to the future of bioenergies Discover our worldwide polymers Find out more Alliance to End Plastic Waste We are a founding member of this initiative Find out more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:02:59 | https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/climate-and-sustainable-energy | 3.97 KB ===

Climate and Sustainable Energy | TotalEnergies. com Climate and Sustainable Energy Climate and Sustainable Energy Energy is an essential resource, fundamental to consumers’ lifestyles, the competitive performance of businesses, and the energy security of consumer countries. To tackle the climate challenge in a just and orderly manner, we must increase the pace of the energy transition while adapting to the specific needs of the various regions around the world. Expectations and challenges differ between OECD countries that are working to become carbon neutral by 2050, and countries from the Global South for which access to energy is integral to their legitimate desire to improve their standard of living. TotalEnergies has adopted a strategy where it continues to supply the energy the world needs today, while accelerating the transition toward low-carbon energy in a responsible and sustainable way. As part of its approach towards carbon neutrality, our Company is mobilizing to reinvent energy, by activating two levers: reducing the emissions generated by its operated facilities, and investing in low-carbon energies and supporting its customers to change their habits. 75% of low-carbon energy in our energy mix by 2050 Climate indicators (XLS) Scroll up Scroll down Reducing our emissions All fossil energy producers must make reducing their direct emissions a top priority. That is why TotalEnergies has put in place an ambitious action plan to constantly reduce its direct greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1+2). The Company is committed to an approach towards carbon neutrality, together with society. To make this happen, we are taking action, in particular by stopping routine flaring, gradually eliminating methane emissions and improving energy efficiency. We are reducing our direct emissions Scroll up Scroll down Improving our products and supporting our customers TotalEnergies helps to reduce the emissions generated by its customers’ energy use by investing heavily in developing renewable energy and natural gas – a transition fuel – while providing a comprehensive range of emission-reducing products and services. Because it is by providing more and more low-carbon products and services that we help transform the energy demand and enable our customers to cut their emissions. We track our progress on products and demand using the lifecycle carbon intensity, which is the ratio between the lifecycle emissions of our energy products sold (Scope 1+2+3) and the quantity of energy supplied (g CO 2 We are acting on the lifecycle carbon intensity of our energy mix Scroll up Scroll down Our approach towards carbon neutrality, together with society The energy transition requires the participation of all stakeholders, from regulators to end customers and industrial players. TotalEnergies is deploying a strategy that supports this collective transition and will enable our Company to adapt to the different scenarios that may materialize depending on developments in low-carbon technologies (adoption rate, cost reduction), geopolitical relations, international trade and consumer behavior. We develop CCS and offset residual emissions with nature-based carbon sinks Our climate and sustainable energy news 2025 Energy Outlook 2024: TotalEnergies Sets Out Its Vision for Energy Transition by 2050 Find out more 2024 Decarbonization of the Oil & Gas Sector: TotalEnergies Steps up Its Commitment Find out more 2024 TotalEnergies Ranked As The World’s Leading Solar Developer In 2023 Find out more 2024 Energy Outlook 2023: Our Insights Into the Energy Transition in 2050 Find out more Previous slide Next slide Chapter 5. 2. 1 – “Climate change (E1) - Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model (ESRS2 SBM-3)” Universal Registration Document 2024 Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report Access the report TotalEnergies Energy Outlook 2024 Read the TEO All our ESG documents Visit Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/transform-develop/electricity | 5.63 KB ===

TotalEnergies is present across the entire electricity value chain | TotalEnergies. com From the Production to the Supply of Electricity: Our Presence Across the Value Chain With digitalization and an evolution in mobility, as well as increased access to electricity among populations, the 21st century is truly a century of electricity. The demand for electricity is increasing faster than the global demand in energy. While our Company has placed climate at the heart of its strategy, we want to offer our clients a mix of energy sources with increasingly lower carbon emissions. Keeping true to our integrated model, we aim to produce and supply electricity that is produced first and foremost from renewable energies, and from natural gas. Natural gas is a key transition energy thanks to its flexibility and capacity for responding to the strong growth in demand and because it releases half the greenhouse gas emissions of coal in power generation. From the production to the supply of electricity from renewables 100 GW Target for gross installed renewable power generation capacity by 2030 TotalEnergies has a long history in the power business: electricity has always been one of the main outputs from our natural gas production. Gas, which emits much less carbon than coal to produce electricity, is ideal to compensate for the intermittent nature of renewables, i. e. to take over when there is no sun, wind, etc. In order to offer our individual and business customers the best-priced deals, we are present throughout the electricity value chain. Production: We have significantly enhanced our production capacity over the past few years through a series of targeted acquisitions in the renewables sector (solar, wind, hydro), where our business is growing fast. We have also set up specialized affiliates. Our goal is to achieve 100 gigawatts of gross installed renewable power generation capacity by 2030. Supply: We are a major supplier of electricity in Europe, serving the French, Belgian, Spanish, Dutch and U. K. markets. Storage: To compensate for the intermittent nature of renewables and reduce network access tariffs for our customers, we have made electricity storage a priority. We invest in stationary storage systems, such as in Dunkirk, where we have launched the largest project of this type in France. And our Saft affiliate develops high-tech batteries for storing electricity generated from renewable sources. And because we are determined to pursue the decarbonization of our energies, we also have the ambition to grow in the biogas and hydrogen sectors. Aggregation: a new know-how at TotalEnergies in the electricity value chain Aggregation consists in uniting several decentralized sources of electricity within the same portfolio (electricity from solar power, wind turbines, etc. ) and managing this electricity so it is added to the network in the right quantity at the right time. Solutions to promote electric mobility The transportation industry is undergoing sweeping change. In the face of climate challenges and shifting user habits, electric mobility is emerging as the solution of the future. Electric mobility not only concerns passenger cars – the number of electric vehicles (EVs) could rise to 380 million in 2040 from 2 million today – but municipal and corporate fleets as well. With these stakes in mind, we have crafted a full range of products and services adapted to our individual and business customers’ needs: At our service stations, we have developed a dense network of high-power charging stations. Going forward, we aim to fit out 500 TotalEnergies service stations in Europe with EV charging areas, resulting in 1, 000 charge points along Western Europe’s motorways, or one every 150 kilometers. Outside our network of service stations, we help local and regional authorities develop and operate public charging station networks across Europe. In the home, our electricity supplier affiliates provide home EV charging solutions for consumers. For companies, we operate charging infrastructure for use by corporate fleets, employees and visitors. And thanks to the TotalEnergies card, people travelling for work can also recharge their vehicle at over 150, 000 charging stations in partner networks throughout Europe. In the field of mobility, our affiliate Saft established a joint venture with Stellantis (formerly Groupe PSA) in 2020 called Automotive Cells Company (ACC) to create a world-class player in the development and manufacture of high-performance batteries for electric passenger vehicles by 2023. In 2021; Mercedes-Benz came on board as a new partner of ACC (partnership subject to approval by the authorities). Electricity storage: a fundamental challenge The optimization of storage is an essential part in developing renewable energy, which is by nature intermittent. TotalEnergies is developing high-tech batteries through its subsidiary Saft to meet these challenges. Their unique selling point is the ability to smooth out production while limiting losses of electricity linked to transport and energy distribution. See also on TotalEnergies. com Developing profitable activities in the electricity business Our natural gas and power solutions Total acquires two gas power plants in France and strengthens in electricity generation Our expertise in solar energy How can electricity be stored with batteries? Our solar projects worldwide An energy source of the future Find out more Our solar power solutions for businesses Developing premium tailored solutions around the world Find out more Saft Our affiliate specialized in advanced technology battery solutions for industry Saft website Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/company/ambition/multi-energy-offer | 0.55 KB ===

Our multi-energy offer | TotalEnergies. com Our multi-energy offer Our Multi-Energy Offer Low-carbon electricity Become one of the world's top five producers of renewables (solar and wind) Find out more Natural gas A key energy source for the energy transition Find out more Petroleum products Anticipating changes in demand by adapting our sales of petroleum products Find out more New low-carbon energies Developing the energies needed for the energy transition Find out more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/explore-produce/oil-gas | 1.93 KB ===

Oil and Gas Exploration and Production | TotalEnergies. com Oil and Gas: our Exploration and Production operations Oil and Gas: our Exploration and Production operations According to the Net Zero scenario put forward by the International Energy Agency (IEA), hydrocarbons are set to account for half of the world's energy needs in 2030, and will decrease below 20% in 2050. Natural gas is genuinely a transition energy that allows for the ramp up of renewables and provides sustainable fuels in the mobility sector (natural gas for vehicles, marine LNG, etc. ). Hence, it plays its full role in our strategy to meet global energy needs. As a multi-energy company present across the entire oil and gas value chain, we aim to provide hydrocarbons that are more affordable, more reliable, cleaner and accessible to as many people as possible. In an industry with an ever-growing number of constraints, we are harnessing our expertise and innovation capabilities to prepare the future of energy for our planet. Our ambition for oil and gas To meet the key challenges in the oil and gas industry, as well as the needs of our partners and stakeholders, we are consolidating our competitive advantage and continuing to increase production with an unwavering commitment to the safety of people and equipment. Learn more LNG, deep offshore: a world-renowned expertise As part of our ambition to be a world-class player in the energy transition, we work every day to develop a diversified project portfolio and focus on our technical expertise, particularly in deep offshore production and liquefied natural gas. Learn more Innovating to produce tomorrow's oil and gas To achieve our ambition in today's complex environment, our teams are constantly innovating to improve safety, enhance our exploration and production techniques and reduce our environmental impact while also cutting costs. Learn more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/company/ambition/multi-energy-offer/new-low-carbon-energies | 2.99 KB ===

New Low-Carbon Energies | TotalEnergies. com New Low-Carbon Energies New Low-Carbon Energies The energy transition also involves the development of low-carbon energies, based on the transformation of biomass or the production of synthetic molecules (e-fuels) combining hydrogen and CO 2 as raw materials. TotalEnergies is developing these new energies. Biofuels Today, biofuels emit less than 50% more CO 2 e * than their fossil fuel equivalents over their life cycle, so they represent a way of decarbonizing liquid fuels. Demand is strong, making this a highly profitable market, but access to raw materials remains a barrier to growth. Among these biofuels, TotalEnergies favours the manufacture of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) to decarbonize the aviation sector, while the road sector has other options besides biodiesel to decarbonize, in particular electricity. To avoid land-use conflicts, TotalEnergies is developing solutions based on the priority use of waste and residues from the food industry. As for the agricultural raw materials used, they comply with sustainability and traceability requirements: carbon footprint, non-deforestation, and good land use. TotalEnergies has set itself the target of increasing the proportion of circular feedstocks (waste oils, animal fats) to more than 50% of the feedstocks used to produce biofuels by 2025. The Company has also stopped sourcing palm oil. Biogas Biogas, produced by the degradation of organic waste, is a renewable gas composed mainly of methane. Compatible with existing gas transport and storage infrastructures, it has an important role to play in decarbonizing the use of gas products (power generation, heating). To this end, the Company is forging strategic partnerships with players in the agricultural, waste and wastewater treatment sectors to develop growth platforms in Europe and the United States. Hydrogen TotalEnergies' priority is to decarbonize the hydrogen consumed in its European refineries by 2030, which should reduce CO 2 emissions by 3 Mt/year by 2030. Synthetic fuels In the future, using CO 2 as a raw material will help to decarbonize certain transport sub-sectors to an even greater extent. The captured CO 2 can be used, in reaction with green hydrogen, to produce fuels or synthesis gas. TotalEnergies is positioning itself in this market by developing pilot units. * CO 2 equivalent 2024 TotalEnergies publishes its Sustainability & Climate – 2024 Progress Report, which will be submitted to a consultative vote at the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Find out more Grandpuits: A Zero-Crude Platform in 2025 Find out more 2023 The Roads to Carbon Neutral - Episode 3 - Racing to Renewables Find out more 2023 The Roads to Carbon Neutral – Episode 5 – From Waste to Watts Find out more Previous slide Next slide All about our multi-energy offer Low-carbon electricity Natural gas Petroleum products Our ambition: to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, together with society Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/environment/soil | 5.10 KB ===

Soil | TotalEnergies. com Soil Soil Healthy soil is essential to life on earth. The ecosystem services that it provides play a key role in preserving biodiversity, regulating natural environments and the climate, and allowing human activities to continue (agriculture, housing, energy production, etc. ). But soil is being weakened by various pressures, such as erosion, salinization, sealing and contamination. Preserving soil, and more broadly the soil-groundwater continuum, is therefore a vital issue on a global scale. For TotalEnergies, preserving the planet’s soil is an important challenge, since soil is both a support and a resource for our industrial activities. To protect soil, we follow a method that is implemented throughout our sites’ lifecycle. Our environment indicators (XLS) Summary Our approach to protecting soil, throughout the life of our sites Limiting the soil footprint of our new projects Biofuels and biogas: reducing our dependence on soil Scroll up Scroll down Our approach to protecting soil, throughout the life of our sites The risks of soil pollution related to our operations come mainly from accidental spills. To prevent and contain this pollution, we take action throughout the life of our sites. As early as the project phase, we analyze soil conditions through environmental studies (site surveys and impact assessments). We also check soil conditions when making acquisitions. During operations, we implement measures to identify risks, prevent pollution and monitor the environment. If contamination occurs, we roll out specific pollution management measures. When a site ceases operations, we define the procedures for managing the impact on the soil and groundwater in line with regulatory obligations, local issues for redeveloping the Company’s activities (solar power, reforestation, etc. ), or the preservation of biodiversity. Soil pollution is carefully managed by dedicated teams in accordance with applicable regulations and procedures. The Company has set up specialized entities to oversee the remediation of such pollution. Find out how we are protecting the soil Scroll up Scroll down Limiting the soil footprint of our new projects TotalEnergies takes soil-related issues into account when developing its renewable electricity projects. We ensure that the quality of the soil is fit for purpose, while maintaining the soil’s ecological uses and functions, and limiting soil sealing. When developing solar power projects, the Company deploys the following actions as early as the prospecting stages: preference for building on fallow land or land of low soil or ecological value with the aim of minimizing the environmental impact and especially avoiding competition with other land uses (agricultural, forestry, natural, etc. ); and feasibility studies for shared-value projects, such as agrivoltaic solar projects, where permitted by technical and economic conditions. The environmental studies for our projects give due consideration to soil quality and the biodiversity that it supports. We align our actions with the “Zero Net Deforestation” target that we set in 2022 for each of our projects in new locations. Our actions in terms of land use Scroll up Scroll down Biofuels and biogas: reducing our dependence on soil A growing number of TotalEnergies’ activities rely on agricultural activities, especially producing the resources to supply its refineries, producing biofuels, spreading the digestate from its anaerobic digestion activities, and producing biogas. This is why we pay special attention to the direct and indirect impacts of our bioproduct production activities and to the development of the circular economy. Therefore, to limit the use of inputs from agricultural production and reduce its dependence on arable land, TotalEnergies began increasing the proportion of raw materials from waste and residues (such as used cooking oils and animal fats) to over 75% in its biofuel production processes (1) from 2024. Similarly, as part of the ambition to transform our Grandpuits refinery into a zero-crude platform, we are planning to supply the biofuel production plant mainly with waste and residues, which will be supplemented by rapeseed-type vegetable oils, while prioritizing local supply chains. Find out how we are promoting circular resource management (1) This does not concern the bio-inputs purchased by TOTSA for incorporation. Only operated production is concerned. ↑ 2023 The Roads to Carbon Neutral – Episode 5 – From Waste to Watts Find out more 2024 The Roads to Carbon Neutral - Season 4 - Episode 6 - Biogas in Poland: harvesting energy Find out more 2023 TotalEnergies Steps up Sustainable Aviation Fuel Production at Grandpuits Find out more Developing Biogas, a Low-carbon, Renewable and Local Energy Source Find out more Previous slide Next slide Chapter 5. 2. 2 – “Pollution (E2)” Universal Registration Document 2024 Further more Biodiversity Learn more Water Learn more Air Learn more Circular Economy Learn more More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/climate-and-sustainable-energy/reducing-our-emissions | 10.15 KB ===

Reducing Our Emissions | TotalEnergies. com Reducing Our Emissions Reducing Our Emissions All fossil energy producers must make reducing their direct greenhouse gas emissions a top priority. At TotalEnergies, we pursue this goal with steadfast determination. Across our operated facilities (Scope 1+2), we aim to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, with an intermediate target to reduce our net greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2030, compared with 2015 levels. This target is consistent with the roadmap set out in the European Union’s “Fit-for-55” package and the IEA’s 2024 Net Zero Emission scenario. To make this happen, we are deploying cutting-edge technology to improve energy efficiency across our sites, gradually eliminate methane emissions, stop routine flaring and decarbonize our facilities. Climate indicators (XLS) Summary Improving the energy efficiency of our sites Aiming for zero methane emissions by 2030 Eliminating routine flaring by 2030 Decarbonizing our operated sites through low-carbon electricity supply and electrification Building low-carbon hydrogen supply for our refineries in Europe by 2030 Reducing our direct emissions (Scope 1+2): objectives and progress made in 2024 Our transition in action: reducing our direct emissions 40% Reduction across our net emissions from operated facilities by 2030, compared with 2015 levels Scroll up Scroll down Improving the energy efficiency of our sites Generating energy savings in our operations is beneficial in several ways: we contribute to the collective campaign for energy efficiency, we help to reduce our carbon emissions and we lower our costs. In September 2022, TotalEnergies launched a plan to accelerate energy efficiency improvements at its sites worldwide. Over the period 2023-2025, we are investing $1 billion to reduce our energy consumption and cut emissions by 2 Mt CO 2 e. Taking into account the efficiency projects reported by the teams at the industrial sites, a second energy efficiency improvement plan will be rolled out over the period 2026-2028, for a total of $1 billion. 2 Mt CO 2 e Reduction of our emissions by 2025 Enhancing energy efficiency at our facilities (PDF) Scroll up Scroll down Aiming for zero methane emissions by 2030 Methane is a greenhouse gas with 28 times (1) greater global warming potential than CO 2 over a 100-year timescale, making it key to any emission reduction strategy. The oil and gas industry, responsible for a considerable proportion of global methane emissions, must lead the way. As a driving force in the energy transition, TotalEnergies is fully assuming its leadership role in the fight to collectively reduce methane emissions and has been striving for many years to reduce them. As a result, we successfully halved the volume of methane emissions generated by our operated facilities between 2010 and 2020. Moreover, we aim to cut these emissions by a further 60% by 2025 and 80% by 2030 compared with 2020 levels. These objectives apply to all Company operations and go beyond the 75% reduction in methane emissions from coal, oil and gas between 2020 and 2030 outlined in the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 scenario published by the International Energy Agency. In addition, we are bringing our partners at our non-operated facilities on board by sharing feedback and best practices, for example with the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2. 0 (OGMP 2. 0). More generally, we are working with our partners at all our non-operated facilities to encourage them to reduce direct emissions. In our Exploration & Production business segment, we have created a team responsible for sharing a decarbonization roadmap that usually includes an energy assessment, energy efficiency improvements, the elimination of methane venting and routine flaring. 80% Reduction of our methane emissions from operated facilities by 2030, compared with 2020 levels Find out how we are reducing our methane emissions (PDF) Eliminating routine flaring by 2030 It is essential to put an end to routine flaring in order to reduce our CO 2 and methane emissions: we pledged to stop this practice on new projects back in 2000. As a founding member of the Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative launched in 2014 by the World Bank, we are committed to ending routine flaring by 2030. Since 2010, we have cut the volume of gas routinely flared by 90% across our operated facilities. We aim to fall below 0. 1 Mm 3 /day by 2025, before eliminating routine flaring altogether by 2030. 0 Mm 3 Our routine flaring emissions target for 2030 What is routine flaring? (2) Routine flaring refers to the practice of burning gas during normal operations, in the absence of sufficient facilities or suitable geological conditions to enable the gas to be reinjected, used on site or marketed. It does not include flaring for safety purposes. Find out how we are working toward achieving zero routine flaring (PDF) (1) 7SM - The Earth’s Energy Budget, Climate Feedbacks and Climate Sensitivity Supplementary Material (ipcc. ch) ↑ (2) As defined by the Global Gas Flaring Reduction working group set up by the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring initiative. ↑ Scroll up Scroll down Decarbonizing our operated sites through low-carbon electricity supply and electrification In Refining & Chemicals, our ambition is to provide our facilities in Europe and the United States with a 100% low-carbon electricity supply from 2025, which will be made possible through our Go Green initiative. In Europe, up to 2. 5 TWh/year will be supplied to the Refining & Chemicals industrial assets (excluding cogeneration facilities). In the United States, around 1. 5 TWh/year will gradually be supplied to the Refining & Chemicals assets from the renewable portfolio in Texas. The Danish and Myrtle assets, which are already in service, supply around 1 TWh/year, with the Hill project providing the remainder from 2025. This electricity will benefit the Port Arthur and Laporte facilities. This action to supply low-carbon electricity will enable a reduction in emissions of more than 2 Mt CO 2 e/year on the Refining & Chemicals business segment’s Scope 2 compared with 2015. In addition, a number of new oil and gas projects with a focus on electric power have been confirmed. In April 2024, we launched the Marsa LNG project, a 1 Mt/y LNG 2 liquefaction plant in Oman. Marsa LNG will be one of the lowest carbon intensity LNG plants in the world, with less than 3 kg CO 2 e/boe, thanks in particular to the electrification of the process and its supply by a 300 MWp photovoltaic solar farm. In 2024, the final investment decision was taken for the GranMorgu project, a new oil exploration and production development in Suriname. This project incorporates the best technologies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and has a carbon intensity of less than 16 kg CO 2 e/boe thanks to various technologies and an all-electric Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO). Find out how we are decarbonizing our operated sites through low-carbon electricity supply and electrification (PDF) Scroll up Scroll down Building low-carbon hydrogen supply for our refineries in Europe by 2030 TotalEnergies is committed to reducing the carbon footprint associated with the production, transformation and supply of energy to its customers. One of the levers identified by the Company is the use of low-carbon hydrogen to decarbonize its European refineries, which would reduce their direct CO 2 emissions by up to 3 million tons a year by 2030. In September 2023, TotalEnergies launched a call for tender to use up to 500 kt/year of hydrogen consumed in its European refineries from 2030. Building low-carbon hydrogen supply for our refineries in Europe (PDF) Reducing our direct emissions (Scope 1+2): objectives and progress made in 2024 Climate impact of our strategy - our 2024 progress and 2025-2030 objectives Perimeter 2015 2023 2024 2025 2030 Objectives Realizations Objectives Scope 1+2 Emissions on Operated Activities (100%) (en Mt C0 2 e) Oil & Gas Facilities 46 30, 3 (-34 % vs 2015) 29, 4 (-36 % vs 2015) CCGT 0 4, 3 4, 9 Scope 1+2 Emissions 46 35 < 38, 8 34 Enhanced Objective < 37 (vs < 38) 25-30 (3) (> -40 % (3) ) Methane Emissions on Operated Activities (100%) (vs 64 kt CH 4 in 2020) -47 % (34 kt CH 4 ) -50 % -55 % (29 kt CH 4 ) Enhanced Objective -60 % (vs -50 %) -80 % (3) Net emissions, including nature-based carbon sinks from 2030. ↑ Our transition in action: reducing our direct emissions As a pioneer in detecting and quantifying emissions in real-life conditions, TotalEnergies is using the AUSEA technology developed in cooperation with the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) and the University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne. After having deployed AUSEA drones at all its upstream operated facilities throughout the world, TotalEnergies signed cooperation agreements with its partners, to make the methane emission detection and quantification technology available to them. We are aiming for zero methane emissions by 2030. Innovation and R&D AUSEA: The Innovative Technology for Reducing Methane and CO2 Emissions Find out more 2025 Germany: TotalEnergies and RWE join forces on green hydrogen to decarbonize the Leuna refinery Find out more 2025 TotalEnergies Joins Forces with Air Liquide to Decarbonize its Refineries in Northern Europe with Green Hydrogen Find out more 2025 Detecting Methane Emissions: TotalEnergies at the Forefront With TADI, the Only Experimental Platform of Its Kind in Europe Find out more 2024 Decarbonization of the Oil & Gas Sector: TotalEnergies Steps up Its Commitment Find out more 2024 COP29: TotalEnergies deploys continuous, real-time methane emissions detection equipment on all its operated upstream assets Find out more Previous slide Next slide Chapter 5. 2. 1 – “Climate change (E1) - Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model (ESRS2 SBM-3)” Universal Registration Document 2024 Further more Climate and Sustainable Energy Learn more Improving Our Products and Supporting Our Customers Learn more Our Approach Towards Carbon Neutrality, Together With Society Learn more More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/climate-and-sustainable-energy/carbon-neutrality-approach | 4.20 KB ===

Our Approach Towards Carbon Neutrality, Together With Society | TotalEnergies. com Our Approach Towards Carbon Neutrality, Together With Society Our Approach Towards Carbon Neutrality, Together With Society The energy transition requires the participation of all stakeholders, from regulators to end customers and industrial players. TotalEnergies is deploying a strategy that supports this collective transition and will enable our Company to adapt to the different scenarios that may materialize depending on developments in low-carbon technologies (adoption rate, cost reduction), geopolitical relations, international trade and consumer behavior. Climate indicators (XLS) Summary Developing carbon capture and storage to reduce our emissions and those of our customers Offsetting residual emissions with nature-based carbon sinks Scroll up Scroll down Developing carbon capture and storage to reduce our emissions and those of our customers In addition to our emission reduction projects and the initiatives carried out as part of our overall energy efficiency improvement program, we are developing Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) to deal with a portion of CO 2 emissions generated by our assets. CCS is an effective way to reduce the emissions from our plants, whether we are operator or partner, together with our other efforts in this area. In Norway, where we have joined forces with Equinor at the Snøhvit plant, around 9 Mt of CO 2 have been stored since 2008. Find out how we are developing carbon capture and storage (PDF) Scroll up Scroll down Offsetting residual emissions with nature-based carbon sinks Ecosystems, especially forests, are natural carbon sinks, which is why it is essential they are preserved if we are to achieve carbon neutrality. TotalEnergies prioritizes efforts first to reduce its direct emissions. The Company will begin voluntarily offsetting its residual Scope 1+2 emissions through NBS (Nature Based Solutions) only in 2030, gradually increasing up to 2050. We are investing in regenerative agriculture or wetland protection projects. Our approach involves combining and balancing the value of financial revenue from agriculture and forestry and the value of the benefits to soil, biodiversity, the water cycle and the production of carbon credits. An annual budget of approximately $100 million is allocated to these projects. We are working to build a high-quality portfolio, focusing closely on the integrity and lasting nature of the emissions reductions and sequestration achieved by the activities financed in this way. What are carbon credits? A carbon credit is a certificate for investing in projects that reduce, avoid, or remove a ton of CO 2 emissions or similar greenhouse gas emissions elsewhere. These certificates represent the market’s way of mitigating climate change. Carbon credits can be traded between public and private entities on mandatory markets (such as the carbon quota market) or voluntary markets, which may or may not be regulated. $100 TotalEnergies’ annual investment in natural carbon sinks Find out how we are investing in natural carbon sinks (PDF) 2025 United States: TotalEnergies Expands Its Investments in Sustainable Forestry Operations to Preserve Carbon Sinks Find out more 2024 United States: TotalEnergies Invests in Sustainable Forestry Operations to Preserve Sustainable Carbon Sinks Find out more Carbon capture and storage Decarbonization solution Northern Lights: A CO 2 Transport and Storage Project to Reduce Industrial Emissions in Europe Find out more TotalEnergies and CO2 capture and storage Find out more 2024 The Roads to Carbon Neutral - Season 4 - Episode 8 - Northern Lights: Storing CO 2 for a More Sustainable Future Find out more Previous slide Next slide Chapter 5. 2. 1 – “Climate change (E1) - Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model (ESRS2 SBM-3)” Universal Registration Document 2024 Further more Climate and Sustainable Energy Learn more Acting on our direct emissions Learn more Improving Our Products and Supporting Our Customers Learn more More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/climate-and-sustainable-energy/improving-our-products-and-supporting-our-customers | 10.53 KB ===

Improving Our Products and Supporting Our Customers | TotalEnergies. com Improving Our Products and Supporting Our Customers Improving our Products and Supporting our Customers We all have a role to play in the energy transition – public authorities, energy producers and energy consumers. In order to meet the energy needs of a growing global population while also minimizing climate change, TotalEnergies provides its customers with increasingly low-carbon products and services, thereby helping them to reduce their emissions and driving the energy transition. The key indicator of our progress is the lifecycle carbon intensity of the energy products sold, which is the ratio between the lifecycle emissions of our energy products sold and the quantity of energy supplied. Environment indicators (XLS) Summary Offering our clients increasingly decarbonized energy products Producing new low-carbon energy Leveraging our expertise to help our clients in their energy transition Reducing our indirect emissions: objectives and progress made in 2023 Our transition in action: improving our products and supporting our customers Reduction in the lifecycle carbon intensity of over 17% in 2025 compared to 2015 25% in 2030 compared to 2015 Scroll up Scroll down Offering our clients increasingly decarbonized energy products TotalEnergies has reaffirmed the relevance of its balanced integrated multi-energy strategy, anchored on two pillars, Oil & Gas, especially LNG, and electricity, the energy at the heart of the energy transition. By 2030, this strategy aims to result in a sales mix of energy products with the view to final use whose lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold would be reduced by 25%, which means: for an equivalent quantity of energy, the carbon content of energy products would be reduced by 25% over the lifecycle (“less emissions for same energy”), or for an equivalent quantity of emissions over the lifecycle (Scope 1+2+3), the Company would supply 33% more energy to its customers (“more energy for same emissions”). We will grow in electricity production and sales, which will account for over 50% of the total reduction in carbon intensity by 2030. Indeed, we aim to reach 100 TWh/year of net electricity production by 2030. The reduction in carbon intensity will also be facilitated by the growth of gas sales, especially liquefied natural gas (LNG) – a transition fuel – so it will accounts for 50% of our energy mix by 2030. Moreover, we plan to bolster our range of products derived from biomass (biofuels, biogas, hydrogen and e-fuels), especially for sectors that are hard to electrify, such as air and sea transport, and heavy industry. To support this effort, we plan to allocate between $4 and $5 billion annually to low-carbon energies by 2030, including $4 billion in the Integrated Power sector. 75% The proportion of low-carbon energies TotalEnergies is aiming to achieve in its sales energy mix by 2050 We offer our clients increasingly decarbonized products Expanding our electricity business, especially from renewable sources, through an integrated strategy from production to customers We are building a portfolio of competitive, renewable (solar, onshore and offshore wind) and flexible (flexible gas-fired power plants, storage) assets in order to supply our customers with low-carbon electricity 24/7, in particular by signing renewable corporate power purchase agreements (CPPA). In 2024, the Company signed a renewable power purchase agreement with Saint-Gobain, under which TotalEnergies will supply renewable electricity to Saint-Gobain’s French facilities. It will take effect from January 2026 for a total volume of 875 GWh over a period of five years. Natural gas, a transition fuel Gas is a necessary transition fuel for building a reliable, lower carbon power system, complementing renewable energies that are intermittent by nature. A flexible resource that can be mobilized quickly, power generation from gas-fired plants offers a secure backup for grids powered by intermittent renewable sources (such as solar and wind), which takes over when weather conditions are unfavorable or demand surges. Natural gas also provides a reliable alternative to many uses of coal, such as power generation or heat production for industry or retail customers, while emitting half as much CO 2. That is why it occupies a central position in the Net Zero roadmaps of many coal consumer countries. To support these initiatives, TotalEnergies aims to increase the proportion of gas in its sales mix by 2030. TotalEnergies continues its strategy to grow LNG considerably Helping to decarbonize the transport sector and develop a low-carbon mobility offer The transportation industry is currently 90% powered by petroleum products and represents one of the largest contributors to global greenhouse gas emissions. That is why decarbonizing mobility is a major component of the energy transition. TotalEnergies is developing a network of high-power electric charging stations along motorways, major roads and in urban hubs in Europe. In addition to this network adapted to road roaming, TotalEnergies supports its B2B customers in their transition to electric mobility by offering services for the deployment and supervision of charging stations at the workplace as well as at employees’ homes. Our actions to decarbonize mobility Scroll up Scroll down Producing new low-carbon energy The energy transition also requires the development of low-carbon energy based on the conversion of biomass and waste, the use of renewable hydrogen, notably for refining, or the production of synthetic molecules (e-fuels) combining hydrogen with CO2 as a raw material. We are thus developing these new energies: biofuels, biogas, renewable hydrogen and synthetic fuels. Biogas Biogas, produced from the decomposition of organic waste, is a renewable gas. Injected into gas networks in the form of biomethane, it contributes to the partial decarbonization of natural gas uses. TotalEnergies’ gross production capacity continued to increase in 2024, reaching 1. 2 TWh/year eq. of biomethane. The Company now intends to pursue its development through growth, mainly in Europe and the United States. Sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) TotalEnergies intends to become a major player in the production of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), with a target of 1. 5 Mt/year by 2030. This production is either operational or currently being developed on our existing platforms in Europe, the Middle East and Asia, notably Grandpuits, Normandie, La Mède, Antwerp, Leuna and SATORP. We produce new low-carbon energy Scroll up Scroll down Leveraging our expertise to help our clients in their energy transition Established in 2022, TotalEnergies OneB2B Solutions assists large companies across 35 industries in fulfilling their decarbonization roadmaps and offers low-carbon solutions tailored to their needs from various segments of the Company, such as renewable electricity, BESS solutions, biogas, biofuels, truck charging solutions, and CCS. We support our customers in their decarbonization journey (PDF) Reducing our indirect emissions: objectives and progress made in 2024 Since 2015, TotalEnergies has reduced the lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold (1) by 16. 5%, positioning the Company as one of the world’s leading forces in decarbonizing its energy portfolio. Climate Impact of Our Strategy - Our 2024 Progress and 2025-2030 Objectives Perimeter 2015 2023 2024 2025 2030 Objectives Realizations Objectives Lifecycle Carbon Intensity of Energy Products Sold (1) (Scope 1+2+3) g CO 2 73 -13% -14% -16, 5% Enhanced Objectives -17 % (vs -15%) -25% Scope 3 (Catégorie 11) (2) Mt CO 2 e 410 (3) 351 342 < 400 < 400 (1) Lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products sold. See Report’s glossary for further details. ↑ (2) Biofuels chain excluded from Scope 3 Cat. 11 and reported separately for 2023 and 2024, as per ESRS methodology. See Report’s glossary for further details. ↑ (3) In 2015, Scope 3 category 11 was published at 410 Mt CO 2 e. The Company keeps this reference to assess the evolution of its Scope 3. If the Scope 3 category 11 for 2015 had been recalculated according to the IPIECA value chain methodology (published in 2016) on the gas value chain, as introduced in data disclosures from 2021, then the Scope 3 category 11 of 2015 would have been 465 Mt CO 2 e, including 344 Mt CO 2 e for the oil value chain and 121 Mt CO 2 e for the gas value chain. ↑ Our transition in action: improving our products and supporting our customers In 2022, TotalEnergies and Holcim signed a memorandum of understanding to jointly study the complete decarbonization of the Obourg cement plant near Mons, Belgium. Various solutions are being assessed for reducing, capturing, sequestering and/or efficiently utilizing the facility's emissions. All about the ambitious decarbonization project being considered by Holcim and Totalenergies Read the article 2025 TotalEnergies and CMA CGM to Launch LNG Bunkering Logistics Joint Venture to Accelerate Maritime Decarbonization Find out more 2025 Paris Air Show: TotalEnergies, a pioneer in sustainable aviation fuels and committed to the decarbonization of air transport Find out more 2025 Renewable Power: TotalEnergies Will Supply 1. 5 TWh to STMicroelectronics in France Over 15 years Find out more 2023 United States: TotalEnergies Will Supply LyondellBasell Through Two Long-Term Solar CPPAs Find out more 2024 Long-term LNG sales in China: TotalEnergies will supply 1. 25 million tons per year to CNOOC until 2034 Find out more 2023 United States: TotalEnergies signs a new long-term solar power supply agreement with Saint-Gobain Find out more 2023 Decarbonizing Industry in France: TotalEnergies to Supply Certified Sustainable Biomethane to Saint-Gobain Find out more 2024 Spain: TotalEnergies acquires 200 fast and ultra-fast charging sites from Wenea Branded Network, TotalEnergies and Wenea aim at building together a Leading Player in Electric Mobility Find out more 2024 TotalEnergies Increases LNG Deliveries to Asia with Two New Medium and Long-Term Contracts Find out more Previous slide Next slide Chapter 5. 2. 1 – “Climate change (E1) - Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model (ESRS2 SBM-3)” Universal Registration Document 2024 Further more Climate and Sustainable Energy Learn more Acting on our direct emissions Learn more Our Approach Towards Carbon Neutrality, Together With Society Learn more More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/people-well-being/responsible-employer | 12.37 KB ===

Responsible Employer | TotalEnergies. com Responsible Employer Responsible Employer The transition strategy that we have been pursuing is designed to be fair to all our stakeholders, especially our employees. Their skills and commitment are the driving force behind our long-term success. Ensuring their well-being, fostering a corporate culture that allows everyone to express their talents, creating a conducive environment for dialogue, and promoting their professional development are all essential for turning this transition into a collective success. Our social indicators (XLS) Summary Listen to our employees Engage every employee Develop and retain talent Build a good place to work Talent diversity, a performance lever Responsible Employer: our progress in 2024 88% of our employees feel proud to work for TotalEnergies (1) (1) TotalEnergies Survey 2024 (excluding Hutchinson). Scroll up Scroll down Listen to our employees We are convinced that active listening is an essential component for leading a just transition, since it provides a clearer insight into society’s expectations and allows us to measure the well-being of those affected by these changes. Listening to our employees is especially important, since we need their full commitment to roll out our balanced, integrated multi-energy strategy. That is why we pay special attention to fostering dialogue with our employees and their representatives by: promoting social dialogue; and using participatory approaches. Promote social dialogue We encourage social dialogue at the local, head office and central levels, by taking part in employee representative bodies and negotiating agreements. The topics covered may vary, but they include some cross-cutting themes, such as: health and safety; working hours; compensation; training; and equal opportunities. Take account of the specific features of our host regions In countries where employee representation is not required by law, TotalEnergies’ companies are nevertheless committed to setting up such representation. In addition, where local law offers little protection for the right to freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining, the Company implement alternatives, such as: the appointment of employee representatives; regular discussions between employee representatives and management; and the provision of rooms and time slots for employee meetings. Our international presence Our vision of shared prosperity with our host regions > 92% of TotalEnergies employees worldwide have union representation or employee representatives We promote social dialogue Implement participatory approaches Our people ambition Better Together brings together a set of measures to make the Company a good place to work together. We have set up tools for monitoring and measuring employee engagement, and taking the necessary action: TotalEnergies Survey: every two years, our employees around the world are invited to their share their perception of the Company on a number of topics (Company’s ambition, collective performance, management, talent development, working conditions, and so on). TotalEnergies Pulse Survey: since 2023, this survey has been conducted every other year, alternating with the TotalEnergies Survey. This complementary survey goes into greater detail and allows us to measure employee engagement and well-being on an annual basis. Speak-up Campus: this annual event was launched in 2022 and brings together approximately 300 Company employees for discussing and working on key issues with the Executive Committee and senior executives. 92% of employees have confidence in TotalEnergies’ ability to successfully lead the transition Our employees are central to our transition (PDF) Scroll up Scroll down Engage every employee Our ambition of placing sustainable development at the heart of our strategy, projects and operations requires the mobilization of all our employees. In 2024, the Company identified five “Levers for a Sustainable Change” to bring about a collective change in behavior. They support our Sustainab’ALL approach, for which we have engaged our 100, 000 employees through the local progress plans defined at each of our sites. Mobilize our employees to support sustainable development through the Sustainab’ALL program The Sustainab'ALL program is aimed at encouraging the entire Company to embrace the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Through Sustainab'ALL, we want to show that every affiliate, site or entity can contribute to the SDGs, and that they enable us to take part in the Company’s transition. To move forward together and put our approach into action, we deployed “Our 5 Levers for a Sustainable Change” in 2024. These five action levers are designed to help our corporate culture evolve collectively, over the long term, mirroring what we have achieved in the area of safety over the past 20 years. Such a change calls for a collective effort, which needs to be initiated by first focusing on certain priority attitudes: Energy consumption Low-carbon operations Discharges in the environment Our communities Care Learn more about “Our five levers for a sustainable change” (PDF) Scroll up Scroll down Develop and retain talent Our transition also involves developing our employees’ expertise and enabling them to acquire new skills and meet changing needs. Since 2019, we have been implementing our people ambition Better Together to enhance everyone’s talents. The Company’s training policy is structured around five major areas: sharing TotalEnergies’ corporate values, particularly with respect to HSE, the climate, ethics, leadership, innovation and digital technology; supporting the development of existing activities and creating new ones in order to achieve the Company’s ambitions; strengthening key skills in all our business areas to maintain a high level of operating performance; promoting employees’ integration and career development through training designed to teach employees about the Company, management skills and personal development; and supporting the policy of mobility, diversity and inclusion within TotalEnergies through language and intercultural training. Give every employee an active role in shaping their professional development To promote our employees’ well-being while meeting their needs and expectations, we have rolled out several initiatives, including: the creation of an internal mobility platform enabling employees to develop their careers within the Company; and the freedom for each employee to independently choose the training courses that they consider useful for their professional development, with up to a maximum of three days per year, in addition to the mandatory training courses. The Company’s training catalog offers nearly 6, 000 courses covering all technical, business and cross-functional areas, including soft skills. Visa for TotalEnergies To support all our 100, 000 employees in our transition, we have set up the “Visa for TotalEnergies” program. This global upskilling program prepares all employees for the new challenges facing TotalEnergies and society, as well as supporting the development of their skills. The multi-year “Visa for TotalEnergies” program is deployed in several seasons, each one devoted to a key aspect of the Company’s transition (climate change, fundamentals of electricity, and generative artificial intelligence). We train our employees and develop their talents (PDF) Scroll up Scroll down Build a good place to work Our employees’ well-being is one of our top priorities. That is why we are rolling out the Care Together by TotalEnergies program, which is based on tangible measures around four essential pillars: health: protect the physical and mental health of all employees worldwide; social protection: ensure decent wages and high-quality social protection for all employees, regardless of their location; working environment and conditions: promote flexible, modern and attractive working conditions for our employees, while preserving collective efficiency in a safe working environment; and family sphere: give our employees the opportunity to look after their families. We are taking action for our employees’ well-being Protect the health of all our employees worldwide We help our employees maintain their balance in a safe working environment, by stepping up the attention that everyone pays to the well-being of their colleagues, and by encouraging local managers to create the ideal working environment for achieving sustainable performance. The Company has deployed a global policy of preventing psychosocial risks and provides medical check-ups for employees exposed to occupational hazards that could have a harmful effect on their physical and mental health. Since January 2023, we have been implementing Green Fridays. This innovation liberates employees from any collective meetings scheduled by management every other Friday and allows them to organize their work as required. Care Week Every year, we organize a week dedicated to our employees’ mental and physical health. Care Week offers workshops, webinars and conferences on key themes relating to health and well-being. This attention to our employees’ well-being is reflected in TotalEnergies’ Care index score (2). In 2024, our score was 83. 1%, which is 12 points higher than the Ipsos 2024 benchmark. 83. 1% TotalEnergies Care score 2024 We take care of each other (PDF) (2) Excluding Hutchinson. ↑ Scroll up Scroll down Talent diversity, a performance lever Along with Safety, Respect for Each Other is a core value within TotalEnergies’ collective ethics. With its long-standing investment to promoting equal treatment and opportunities, the Company strives to foster a conducive corporate culture for expressing and developing everyone’s potential. Talent diversity is crucial to the Company’s competitive advantage, capacity for innovation and appeal. That is why TotalEnergies is committed to developing skills and careers through a human resources policy that excludes any form of discrimination. Gender equality in the workplace index (France) TotalEnergies is committed to respecting, promoting and enforcing the principle of equal treatment for men and women. In particular, this is reflected in the deployment of a global gender diversity policy, quantified targets, gender-sensitive HR processes, agreements striking a better work-life balance, awareness-raising initiatives and training. Gender equality in the workplace index 2025 - France (PDF) Gender equality in the workplace index 2024 - France (PDF) Gender equality in the workplace index 2023 - France (PDF) The Company is also highly active in terms of employing and integrating people with disabilities and getting young people into employment. We also lead awareness-raising, training and communication campaigns for managers and employees to promote a culture that respects differences. 30% of women among senior management and senior executives by the end of 2025 45% of non-French nationals among senior executives We strive to nurture talent diversity (PDF) Responsible Employer: our progress in 2024 To measure the level of well-being among our employees, we use the Care index. This index features seven criteria (defined with Ipsos in 2022) and enables us to measure employee well-being every year. It is accompanied by a benchmark carried out by Ipsos among a panel of companies with over 10, 000 employees worldwide. 2024 TotalEnergies Care index and Ipsos benchmark Criteria 2022 (% agree) 2023 (% agree) 2024 (% agree) Ipsos Benchmark 2024 (% agree) Working in safe conditions 95 97 95 81 Respected at work 85 86 88 73 Sufficient freedom and autonomy 85 85 87 75 Share moments of conviviality and celebrate success 74 78 81 69 Managers who listen to the team 83 85 85 68 Able to balance work and personal life 75 77 81 72 No excessive pressure at work 53 63 66 57 2024 A Good Place to Work, as Told by Its Employees Find out more 2024 Stages de seconde: 1 000 stages offerts chez TotalEnergies Find out more 2024 Care Together by TotalEnergies: TotalEnergies strengthens its common social protection base for all employees worldwide Find out more 2023 The Executive Committee Experience: Two Students Meet TotalEnergies' Executives Find out more Previous slide Next slide Chapter 5. 3. 1 – “Company workforce (S1)” Universal Registration Document 2024 Further more Health and safety for everyone Learn more Safety, respect and well-being Learn more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/people-well-being | 2.35 KB ===

People's Safety, Respect and Well-Being | TotalEnergies. com People's Safety, Respect and Well-Being People's Safety, Respect and Well-Being The energy transition must be a just transition. For TotalEnergies, it is therefore essential to address the human and social challenges of its activities by prioritizing the safety and health of all its stakeholders (employees, contractors, consumers, and residents in the vicinity of our industrial sites) and by acting as a responsible employer, concerned about the well-being of its employees. Scroll up Scroll down Ensuring health and safety for everyone Safety is more than just a priority at TotalEnergies; it is a core value on which we will not compromise. Producing, transforming and distributing energy inherently involves certain risks for the health and safety of employees, contractors and residents in the vicinity of our industrial sites. Furthermore, certain products marketed by TotalEnergies may present risks for the health and safety of consumers. It is around safety, in accordance with the strictest standards and with regard to health that the operational measures and indicators used to manage TotalEnergies’ activities are based. Our safety targets are clear – we have set a goal of zero fatalities and are aiming for ongoing reductions in the number of accidents, safeguarding the health of our employees at work and avoiding major industrial accidents. We also seek to minimize the risks of consuming our products. We ensure the health and safety of all our stakeholders Scroll up Scroll down Acting for the well-being of our employees The transition strategy that we have been pursuing is designed to be fair to all our stakeholders, especially our employees. Their skills and commitment are the driving force behind our long-term success. Ensuring their professional development, fostering a corporate culture that allows everyone to express their talents, creating a conducive environment for dialogue, are all essential for turning this transition into a collective success. We position ourselves as a reference as a responsible employer Chapter 5. 3. 1 – “Company workforce (S1)” Universal Registration Document 2024 All our ESG documents Visit More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:24 | https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/people-well-being/health-and-safety | 10.50 KB ===

Health and Safety for Everyone | TotalEnergies. com Health and Safety for Everyone Health and Safety for Everyone Safety is more than just a priority at TotalEnergies; it is a core value on which we will not compromise. Producing, transforming and distributing energy inherently involves certain risks for the health and safety of employees, contractors and residents in the vicinity of our industrial sites. Furthermore, certain products marketed by TotalEnergies may present risks for the health and safety of consumers. It is around safety, in accordance with the strictest standards and with regard to health that the operational measures and indicators used to manage TotalEnergies’ activities are based. Our safety targets are clear – we have set a goal of zero fatalities and are aiming for ongoing reductions in the number of accidents, safeguarding the health of our employees at work and avoiding major industrial accidents. We also seek to minimize the risks of consuming our products. Our health and safety indicators (XLS) Summary Our health and safety policy Preventing major industrial accidents Preventing accidents at work Preventing transport accidents Preventing occupational health risks Limiting health and safety risks for consumers 0 fatal accident: our safety target Scroll up Scroll down Our health and safety policy As part of the Strategy & Sustainability Department, our Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) division coordinates the promotion and implementation of TotalEnergies’ health and safety policies. We monitor a range of indicators to constantly adapt our actions to better protect personal health and safety. Our operations are guided by the Safety Health Environment Quality Charter and the HSE reference framework known as One MAESTRO, which sets out the HSE principles to be applied throughout the Company. Our subsidiaries operating sites are audited every three to five years to evaluate the implementation of this framework. Furthermore, our subsidiaries holding an interest in assets operated by third parties seek to promote the Company’s HSE requirements and best practices. They must also use their best efforts to enable that similar requirements are adopted by the operator. The HSE risks of these assets must be assessed at least every five years. In addition, before any final decision to invest in a construction project or acquire or sell a subsidiary, the proposals presented to the Company’s Risk Committee are assessed with regard to health and safety risks. One MAESTRO, a shared HSE framework for all TotalEnergies operations In order to ensure consistency across all our HSE actions, while also respecting the specific nature of our business segments, we have put in place a framework named One MAESTRO (Management and Expectations Standards Toward Robust Operations) structured around 10 fundamental principles: Management Leadership & Commitment Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Company Requirements Risk Management Operational Accountability Contractors and Suppliers Competencies & Training Emergency Preparedness Learning From Events Monitoring, Audit & Inspection Performance Improvement We strive to keep everyone safe and in good health Scroll up Scroll down Preventing major industrial accidents In order to prevent any major industrial accidents at our facilities, our risk management policy applies from design phase and continues throughout the facilities’ lifespan. The technical standards we apply when designing and building facilities integrate the applicable regulatory requirements and refer to industry best practices. To manage operations and uphold the integrity of facilities we operate, formal rules have been set out to prevent specific risks that have been identified either by means of risk analyses or from internal and industry feedback. To deal effectively with the consequences of a major industrial accident, we have implemented a global crisis management system, which includes an on-call system available 24/7, a specific process for subsidiaries and a special crisis management platform. The standards clearly stipulate that subsidiaries must have response plans and procedures in place and test them regularly in the event of accidents such as leaks, fires, explosions or transport accidents. 0 major industrial accident in 2024 Our actions to prevent major industrial accidents Scroll up Scroll down Preventing accidents at work Our workplace accident prevention policy concerns not only our employees, but also the employees of contractors working on sites operated by the Company. In addition to the One MAESTRO reference framework, we have established two global programs: The 12 Golden Rules for safety at work: Easy to understand, easy to remember and built on lessons learned from accidents in the workplace, these rules are essential to achieving our safety ambitions. The “Our lives first” program: This program includes joint safety tours with contractors, the “Safety Green Light” (a pre-work routine on all operated sites concerned) and the “Life Saving Checks” tool to intensify checks in the field and measure compliance with safety rules for the five high-risk activities (work at height, lifting operations, work on energy-powered systems, work in confined spaces and hot work). The correct implementation of the One MAESTRO reference framework, and more generally, of all the Company’s occupational safety programs, is verified with site visits and audits. Moreover, verification of the HSE commitment of contractors involves a rigorous qualification process. In order to encourage everyone to get on board with our HSE policy, we provide training to establish a broad-based, consistent body of knowledge that is shared by everyone. 0. 55 TotalEnergies TRIR* in 2024, below the target of 0. 62 * TRIR (Total Recordable Injury Rate): number of workplace accidents per million hours worked. Our policy to prevent accidents at work Scroll up Scroll down Preventing transport accidents In the field of road transportation, we adopted a policy many years ago to reduce the number of accidents by applying standards, providing driver training, promoting communication, defining technical specifications for Company vehicles and rolling out a large-scale inspection program of transportation contractors. It applies to all our employees, as well as the employees of contractors. With respect to maritime and inland waterways transportation, the process and criteria for selecting ships and barges are defined by the teams in charge of vetting. These criteria take into account not only the ship or barge but also the crew, ensuring that the crew has the qualifications and training required and that the safety management system is effectively applied. In air transportation, we have put in place a carrier selection process to limit the risks relating to travel by Company and contractors’ employees, if their journey is organized by TotalEnergies. This process is based on data from recognized international organizations and civil aviation authorities’ recommendations. We are working to prevent traffic accidents Scroll up Scroll down Preventing occupational health risks The One MAESTRO framework provides that our subsidiaries identify and evaluate risks at the workplace in the short, medium and long term and put in place suitable action plans. In addition, TotalEnergies has developed a health reference framework to protect employees’ physical and mental health by implementing an appropriate risk analysis and prevention policy. As such, the health guidelines require every subsidiary to offer its employees a medical checkup at least every two years and set out a formal medical monitoring procedure, taking into account the requirements under local law and the level of exposure of its personnel to the various risks. On a broader level, we support the promotion of individual and collective health programs in our operating countries through vaccination campaigns and screening programs, which are available for employees, their families and local communities. In addition, we have put in place a policy to prevent psychosocial risks and have developed a global program for all employees exposed to such risks. We ensure that our managerial staff members are aware of these risks and the impact the workplace can have on the wellbeing of their employees. 99% of employees exposed to specific occupational risks benefited from regular medical monitoring in 2024 Our policy to prevent occupational health risks Scroll up Scroll down Limiting health and safety risks for consumers Unless certain precautions are taken, some products marketed by TotalEnergies may pose potential consumer health and safety risks. Respecting regulatory requirements is the main measure to limit risk throughout the life cycle of these products. In order to reduce potential risks to consumer health and the environment, we have defined the minimum requirements for our petroleum or chemical products worldwide. They include identifying and assessing the risks inherent to these products and their use, as well as providing information to consumers. The implementation of these requirements is monitored by in-house teams of regulatory experts, toxicologists and ecotoxicologists. We strive to protect consumer health and safety Our transition in action: Health and safety for everyone Every year in April, the International Labour Organization celebrates the World Day for Safety and Health at Work. This event gives TotalEnergies an opportunity to remind people of the importance of safety. A different theme is chosen every year so we can discuss ideas with our employees and partner companies and work together to achieve our health and safety targets. World Day for Safety: Rallying our Teams and Partner Companies to Engage with Safety Find out more A Company Committed to Road Safety Find out more 2024 I’m a #SafeDriver: Being Mindful of Others While Driving Find out more 2024 I’m a #Safedriver: Avoiding Fatigue and Distractions Behind the Wheel Find out more 2024 World Day for Safety 2024: Learning Lessons from Our Experiences to Improve Safety Find out more 2023 I’m a #Safedriver: Keep Control of Your Vehicle at All Times Find out more 2023 Technological Risks Management: At Totalenergies, Every Detail Counts Find out more Previous slide Next slide Chapter 5. 3. 1. 2 – “Health and safety” Universal Registration Document 2024 Further more Safety, respect and well-being Learn more Responsible employer Learn more More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:25 | https://totalenergies.com/company/ambition/multi-energy-offer/petroleum-products | 2.30 KB ===

Petroleum Products: Adapting to Demand | TotalEnergies. com Petroleum Products: Adapting to Demand Petroleum Products: Adapting to Demand The European Union's ambition is to be the first carbon-neutral continent, encouraging the development of low-carbon vehicles. These major changes have led TotalEnergies to pursue its strategy of reducing its sales of petroleum products by 40% by 2030, so that it neither sells nor refines more fuel than it produces oil. This strategy is leading the Company to take an offensive stance in new forms of mobility: converting refineries into biorefineries, speeding up the roll-out of electric charging stations in major European cities, and setting up a European network of hydrogen stations for heavy goods vehicles with Air Liquide. In Europe, TotalEnergies is continuing to transform its service station network into multi-energy sites. The Company is also more selective in its sales of petroleum products. In France, TotalEnergies is continuing to roll out high-power charging points on motorways, in response to the expectations of public authorities and motorists. Develop non-energy uses of oil that emit less greenhouse gas As well as being used as fuel to produce energy, petroleum products are also used for their technical properties as materials or components. This share of non-energy uses (petrochemicals, lubricants), which generates fewer greenhouse gases, is set to increase in oil consumption as mobility moves towards low-carbon solutions, particularly electricity. This is why TotalEnergies is pursuing its growth strategy in petrochemicals by targeting integrated platforms and benefiting from access to raw materials under privileged conditions. 2024 TotalEnergies publishes its Sustainability & Climate – 2024 Progress Report, which will be submitted to a consultative vote at the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Find out more Oil Tilenga and EACOP Projects: Acting Transparently Find out more Oil Amiral: a Petrochemical Complex Integrated With the SATORP Refinery Find out more More petroleum projects Find out more Previous slide Next slide All about our multi-energy offer Low-carbon electricity Natural gas New low-carbon energies Our ambition: to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, together with society Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:25 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/explore-produce | 1.61 KB ===

TotalEnergies: Explore and produce | TotalEnergies. com Explore and produce Explore and produce To meet the energy needs of a burgeoning global population while preparing for the future, we continually innovate to produce sustainable and responsible solutions in oil and gas, solar energy, and bioenergies. Oil and Gas As a multi-energy company present across the entire oil and gas value chain, we aim to provide hydrocarbons that are more affordable, more reliable, cleaner and accessible to as many people as possible. In an industry with an ever-growing number of constraints, we are harnessing our expertise and innovation capabilities to prepare the future of energy for our planet. Learn more Renewable energies According to the International Energy Agency’s Sustainable Development Scenario, renewable energies will represent more than 35% of the world’s energy mix in 2040. To support this growth, our ambition is to achieve 100 gigawatts of gross installed renewable power generation capacity by 2030, through the development of our solar and wind energy businesses around the world. Learn more Bioenergies As renewable, low-carbon resources, bioenergies have a vital contribution to make in reducing emissions, particularly in transportation. Bioenergies are therefore a perfect fit with our ambition to become the responsible energy major. As a pioneer in biofuels for more than 20 years as well as a bioplastics producer, we have a role in the future of the bioenergies sector and the development of all biomass conversion pathways. Learn more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:50 | https://totalenergies.com/company/ambition/multi-energy-offer/natural-gaz | 5.57 KB ===

Natural Gas, a Key Energy Source for the Energy Transition | TotalEnergies. com Natural Gas, a Key Energy Source for the Energy Transition Natural Gas, a Key Energy Source for the Energy Transition TotalEnergies produce and sell liquified natural gas, which is a necessary transition fuel for building a reliable, low-carbon power system, complementing renewable energies that are intermittent by nature. Moreover, gas helps to reduce emissions from power generation in many countries, since burning gas rather than coal to produce electricity emits half as much CO 2 for the same amount of energy produced. Natural gas to reduce our emissions The growth of renewable electricity, intermittent and seasonal by nature, will require an increase in flexible power generation resources. The dispatchable generation of gas-fired power plants helps secure electricity supply against weather variability affecting renewables, while also responding to fluctuations in demand. In addition, natural gas plays an essential role in reducing emissions from power generation as a replacement of coal, which emits half as much greenhouse gas as coal-fired power plants for the same amount of electricity produced (1). Electricity generation from natural gas TotalEnergies’ construction of a production portfolio based on natural gas is part of its strategy of integrating the gas and electricity value chain in Europe, from production to marketing, gas constituting an ideal complement to intermittent renewable power generation sources. Thanks to the flexible production from those power plants, TotalEnergies can optimize its customers’ electricity procurement costs. Find out more about combined-cycle gas turbine (CCGT) power plants Scroll up Scroll down TotalEnergies, the world's third-largest LNG operator In the gas markets, TotalEnergies focuses on Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG), which can be shipped everywhere in the world and thus contributes to energy security, as it has been the case in Europe since 2022 with the strong reduction of Russian pipeline gas deliveries. With diversified positions, and in particular a leading position as exporter to the United States–more than 10 Mt in 2024–TotalEnergies is the world's third largest LNG player, with sales of 40 Mt in 2024. In line with its balanced multi-energy strategy, TotalEnergies intends to consolidate its integrated position across the entire LNG value chain. The LNG volumes managed by the Company (excluding Russian volumes and spot volumes) are thus expected to grow by 50% between 2023 and 2030. Scroll up Scroll down Reducing the carbon footprint of the LNG portfolio TotalEnergies aims to gradually reduce GHG emissions of the LNG value chain, from gas production to end use. In addition to its efforts to reduce methane emissions, initiatives are being implemented throughout the whole chain. The electrification of liquefaction plant processes is helping to reduce LNG’s carbon footprint today, and tomorrow this reduction will be reinforced by CO 2 capture and storage projects. We are also working to reduce shipping emissions by renewing our fleet of chartered LNG carriers with modern, high-performing vessels (average age of the fleet under long-term charter: 6 years versus 11 years for the global fleet of LNG carriers (2) ). All LNG carriers chartered by TotalEnergies use LNG as fuel. Furthermore, TotalEnergies actively supports the industry’s efforts to reduce “methane slip” (emission of unburned methane in engines) and joined the MAMII (Methane Abatement in Maritime Innovation Initiative) last February. Marsa LNG, a low-carbon plant model for LNG production In April 2024, TotalEnergies launched the Marsa LNG project (TotalEnergies 80% – OQ 20%), a 1 Mtpa LNG liquefaction plant to be built in the port of Sohar in Oman. Find out more Learn more Our flagship gas projects Discover some of our major gas projects around the world. Discover Our natural gas news 2025 United States: TotalEnergies reaches Final Investment Decision with its Partners on Rio Grande LNG Train 4, with a 10% Direct Participating Interest and 1. 5 MT LNG offtake Find out more 2025 South Korea: TotalEnergies to supply 1 million tons per year of LNG to KOGAS for 10 years Find out more 2025 Argentina: TotalEnergies divests its interest in two Vaca Muerta unconventional blocks Find out more 2025 Canada: TotalEnergies Signs an Agreement to Export 2 Mtpa of LNG for 20 years from the Ksi Lisims LNG Project Find out more 2025 United States: First Oil from the Ballymore Offshore Field Find out more 2025 Liquefied Natural Gas: TotalEnergies will supply 400, 000 Tons of LNG per year for 15 years in the Dominican Republic Find out more 2025 Liquefied Natural Gas: TotalEnergies to offtake 1. 5 Mtpa of LNG from the future Train 4 of Rio Grande LNG Facility Find out more 2025 TotalEnergies and ENI sign an agreement with Cyprus and Egypt for the export of Cyprus Block 6 gas through Egypt Find out more 2025 India: TotalEnergies to Supply GSPC with 400, 000 Tons of LNG per year from 2026 Find out more Gas GGIP: A Multi-Energy Project to Support Iraq Towards Its Energy Independence Find out more Previous slide Next slide All about our multi-energy offer Petroleum products Anticipating changes in demand by adapting our sales of petroleum products Find out more Low-carbon electricity Become one of the world's top five producers of renewables (solar and wind) Find out more New low-carbon energies Developing the energies needed for the energy transition Find out more (1) IEA; Life Cycle Upstream Emission Factors 2024. ↑ (2) Source: S&P. ↑ Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:50 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise | 2.07 KB ===

Our expertise | TotalEnergies. com Our expertise Our Expertise Every day, our employees around the world live out our ambition to be a world-class player in the energy transition while relying on cutting-edge expertise that spans the entire chain. of energies: oil and biofuels, natural gas and green gases, renewables and electricity. Our 100, 000 employees are committed to energy that is ever more affordable, cleaner, more reliable and accessible to as many people as possible. Active in more than 130 countries, we put sustainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of our projects and operations to contribute to the well-being of people. Explore and produce To meet the energy needs of a burgeoning global population while preparing for the future, we continually innovate to produce sustainable and responsible solutions in oil and gas, solar energy, and bioenergies. Oil and gas Learn more Renewable energies Learn more Bioenergies Learn more Transform and develop You already know us through our network of service stations. But we do so much more to improve your daily life. From oil and gas transformation to produce fuel, lubricants or plastics, to the production and supply of power and natural gas, we rely on multiple industrial skills to support our customers in their daily lives. Electricity Learn more Refining and petrochemicals Learn more Polymers Learn more Ship and market We all require energy for heat, transportation, light in our homes and so much more. TotalEnergies serves your needs worldwide each and every day. We bring energy from producing regions all the way to consumer hubs, working across a long, complex logistics chain. Trading and shipping Learn more Products and services Learn more Discover our major projects Find out more Oil Find out more CO 2 capture and storage Find out more Electricity Find out more Wind Find out more Gas Find out more Hydrogen Find out more Innovation and R&D Find out more Solar Find out more Decarbonation solutions Find out more Previous slide Next slide Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:50 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/transform-develop/refining-petrochemicals | 2.00 KB ===

Crude Oil Refining and Petrochemicals Operations | TotalEnergies. com Our refining and petrochemicals operations Our refining and petrochemicals operations Our refining and petrochemicals operations transform crude oil and natural gas into finished products or intermediates, which are then used to manufacture chemicals. Our industrial know-how, our teams’ expertise and our strategic partners all play a key role in this process. We operate responsibly worldwide. Our mission: Meet the demand for oil products worldwide We align our refining and petrochemicals capacities with market needs. Learn more Our priority: Operational excellence Safety, industrial synergy, energy efficiency and technical skill and know-how are core components of our operational excellence. Learn more Our intent: Build long-term partnerships Our experience working on international projects and our status as an integrated energy Company are just some of the strengths we can bring to long-term partnerships. Learn more Our commitment: To be a responsible industrial player As the industry transforms, we support the regions in which we operate and take measures to guarantee a future for our sites. Learn more Refining and petrochemicals Latest News 2022 Plastic Recycling: TotalEnergies and New Hope Energy partner on U. S. Advanced Recycling Project Press release 2022 TotalEnergies and Honeywell sign a strategic agreement to promote the development of advanced plastic recycling Press release 2022 Plastic Energy and TotalEnergies sign an Agreement for an Advanced Recycling Project in Spain Press release 2021 TotalEnergies and Plastic Omnium Sign a Strategic Partnership to Accelerate Development of Recycled Plastic Materials in the Automotive Industry Press release 2021 EV charging stations: TotalEnergies to Install and Operate 800 New Charge Points in Ghent, Belgium Press release 2018 Inside the machine Immersion in a refining and petrochemical facility Learn more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:03:50 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/ship-market | 1.34 KB ===

TotalEnergies: Ship and market | TotalEnergies. com Ship and market Ship and market We all require energy for heat, transportation, light in our homes and so much more. TotalEnergies serves your needs worldwide each and every day. We bring energy from producing regions all the way to consumer hubs, working across a long, complex logistics chain. Trading and Shipping Every day, billions of companies and individuals use oil and gas to commute, work, heat homes and offices and perform many other activities. We buy and sell this oil and gas around the world. Our teams work to maximize the value of our products, secure supply to our refineries and transport energy to consumer hubs, all while managing the related financial and logistical risks. We are active in 120 countries where we deal with all aspects of oil and gas trading, including physical trading, derivatives and shipping. Learn more Product and Services Our wide range of products and services help our business or retail customers optimize their transportation experience and operations. They can rely on our expertise every day through our global network of service stations; our line-up of fuels, lubricants, bitumen, natural gas, special fluids and fuel additives and our power and solar photovoltaic solutions. Learn more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:04:20 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/transform-develop | 1.80 KB ===

TotalEnergies: Transform and develop | TotalEnergies. com Transform and develop Transform and develop You already know us through our network of service stations. But we do so much more to improve your daily life. From oil and gas transformation to produce fuel, lubricants or plastics, to the production and supply of power and natural gas, we rely on multiple industrial skills to support our customers in their daily lives. Electricity While our Company has placed climate at the heart of its strategy, we want to offer our clients a mix of energy sources with increasingly lower carbon emissions. Keeping true to our integrated model, we aim to produce and supply electricity that is produced first and foremost from renewable energies, and from natural gas. Natural gas is a key transition energy thanks to its flexibility and capacity for responding to the strong growth in demand and because it releases half the greenhouse gas emissions of coal in power generation. Learn more Refining and petrochemicals Our refining and petrochemicals operations transform crude oil and natural gas into finished products or intermediates, which are then used to manufacture chemicals. Our industrial know-how, our teams’ expertise and our strategic partners all play a key role in this process. We operate responsibly worldwide. Learn more Polymers By transforming oil, gas, biomass and plastic waste, we produce polymers, recycled polymers and biopolymers that can be incorporated in the plastic manufacturing process. Plastics and their properties can be harnessed to design products featuring a host of benefits (lightweight, hard-wearing, waterproof, etc. ). Those qualities have cemented their status as an essential part of our everyday lives. Learn more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:04:20 | https://totalenergies.com/energy-transition | 15.37 KB ===

Energy Transition | TotalEnergies. com Reading progress in the page: 0 % Energy Transition Energy Transition Building a multi-energy company [TotalEnergies logo] TotalEnergies makes the energy transition easier for you. With our collective human and technological skills, we are building a multi-energy company. We are working to meet the growing energy needs of the society by providing oil and natural gas, while developing the energies of tomorrow like wind, solar and hydrogen. And to make electric mobility even more accessible, we are expanding our EV charging network worldwide. Our ambition is to become a world-class player in the energy transition. More than ever, we will continue to move towards energy that is cleaner, more reliable, and accessible to as many people as possible. [TotalEnergies logo] Discover more on totalenergies. com/energy-transition View text version Our approach In affirming its ambition to be a major player in the energy transition and committing to a carbon-neutral approach, together with society, TotalEnergies has dedicated itself to profoundly transforming its production and sales while continuing to meet the energy needs of a growing population. To do that, we are reinventing and diversifying our energy offering to promote renewable and decarbonized energies, as well as sparing, well-considered use of fossil energies. Since the beginning of the decade, we have moved resolutely to transform our energy model in order to become a multi-energy company and major player in the energy transition. Scroll up Scroll down In 2050, TotalEnergies would produce: about 50% of its energy in the form of electricity, including the corresponding storage capacity, totaling around 500 TWh/year, on the premise that TotalEnergies would develop about 400 GW of gross renewable capacity; around 25%, or the equivalent of 50 of low-carbon energy molecules, either in the form of biogas, hydrogen or synthetic liquid fuels from the circular reaction: H 2 + CO 2 (“e-fuels”); around 1 Mboe/day of Oil & Gas (about a quarter of the production in 2030, consistent with the decline envisaged by the IEA’s Net Zero scenario), primarily liquefied natural gas (about 0. 7 Mboe/d, or 25-30 Mt/year) with very low-cost oil accounting for the rest. Most of that oil would be used in the petrochemicals industry to produce about 10 Mt/ year of polymers, of which two thirds would come from the circular economy. As part of our carbon-neutral approach, together with society, we have set targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions worldwide, with intermediate objectives for 2025 and 2030. 1. Our emissions Achieve by 2050 or earlier carbon neutrality (net zero emissions) for our operated activities (Scope 1+2) with intermediate targets of: reducing GHG emissions (Scope 1+2) from our operated facilities from 46 Mt CO 2 e in 2015 to less than 38 Mt CO 2 e by 2025, reducing net emissions of GHG (Scope 1+2) for our operated activities by at least 40% by 2030 compared to 2015, thus bringing net emissions to between 25 Mt CO 2 e and 30 Mt CO 2 e, reducing methane emissions from our operated facilities by 50% between 2020 and 2025, and by 80% between 2020 and 2030, reducing routine flaring to less than 0. 1 Mm 3 /d by 2025, with the goal of eliminating it by 2030. 2. Carbon footprint of products sold Achieve by 2050 or earlier carbon neutrality (net zero emissions) for indirect GHG emissions related to our customers’ use of energy products (Scope 3), together with society. Our intermediate targets compared to 2015 are to: maintain Scope 3 (world) GHG emissions related to our customers’ use of energy products to a level lower than 400 Mt CO 2 e, by 2025 and 2030, reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions from the petroleum products sold worldwide by 40% by 2030, compared with 2015, reduce the lifecycle carbon intensity of energy products used by customers by more than 15% by 2025, and by more than 25% by 2030. Scroll up Scroll down Offsetting residual emissions with natural carbon sinks Natural areas preservation and restoration can be a lever for achieving net zero emissions worldwide by 2050. Voluntary offsetting of residual emissions with NBS ( Nature Based Solutions ) carbon credits will only be used from 2030, to offset Scope 1+2 residual emissions. That’s why we invest in natural carbon sinks – ecosystems that naturally sequester carbon – through forestry, regenerative agriculture and wetland protection projects. More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Scroll up Scroll down Oil The share of our sales of petroleum products has already fallen from 66% in 2015 to 43% in 2024, and is expected to represent 30% in 2030. Demand for oil could begin to decline between 2030 and 2040, but at a slower rate than the current natural decline rate of existing fields (around 5% per year). TotalEnergies therefore believes that new oil projects are necessary to meet this demand and keep prices at an acceptable level, thereby creating the conditions for a just transition that gives people time to adapt their energy use. In 2024, TotalEnergies produced 1. 4 Mb/d of oil, equivalent to its 2019 level, representing approximately 1. 5% of global production. We sanction these projects on performance criteria, notably in terms of technical costs and carbon intensity. We operate our fields with strict safety, emissions reduction and environmental impact requirements. The cash flow generated by these activities is helping to accelerate our investments in renewable energies. -40% target to reduce our sales of petroleum products by 2030 compared with 2019 30% share of petroleum products in our sales in 2030, vs. 66% in 2015 Scroll up Scroll down Gas For TotalEnergies, natural gas is a key energy for the energy transition. As a fossil fuel, it emits half as much greenhouse gas as coal when used to generate electricity. This abundant and easily accessible energy source makes it a valuable ally in helping coal-dependent countries reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. In the gas markets, TotalEnergies focuses on Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG), which can be shipped everywhere in the world and thus contributes to energy security, as it has been the case in Europe since 2022 with the strong reduction of Russian pipeline gas deliveries. With diversified positions, and in particular its leading position of exporter in the United States - over 10 Mt in 2024 - TotalEnergies is the 3 rd world’s largest LNG player, with 40 Mt sold in 2024. TotalEnergies aims to gradually reduce GHG emissions of the LNG value chain, from gas production to end use. Methane is a greenhouse gas with a global warming potential 30 times higher than that of CO 2 and a much shorter atmospheric lifetime 1. At the beginning of 2022, we set ourselves some concrete and very ambitious targets for the next decade: -60% in 2025 and -80% in 2030, compared with 2020 2. These targets cover all of the Company’s operated assets and go beyond the 75% reduction in methane emissions from Oil & Gas by 2030 (vs 2020) as recommended by the IEA when creating the NZE scenario. We are also strengthening our methane intensity 3 target of less than 0. 1% by 2030 on our gas facilities, by extending it to all our operated Upstream Oil & Gas facilities. Thanks to these efforts, in 2024, the Company achieved its goal of reducing methane emissions by 50% compared to 2020, one year ahead of schedule. Measurement of methane emissions: find out more about AUSEA More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Scroll up Scroll down Electricity Electricity demand, which is vital to the success of the energy transition, is expected to grow sharply, as decarbonization is at the heart of the roadmaps of countries committed to carbon neutrality by 2050. In response, Integrated Power, a new pillar of the Company’s strategy, is developing an integrated model encompassing the entire value chain, from power generation to sales and trading activities. TotalEnergies plans to increase its electricity production by around 20% per year by 2030, to generate between 100 and 120 TWh per year, of which 70% will be from renewable sources and 30% from flexible gas sources. As part of its carbon neutrality approach, TotalEnergies is building a competitive portfolio of renewable (solar, onshore and offshore wind) and flexible (CCGT, storage) assets to provide its customers with increasingly decarbonized electricity available 24/7. By mid-2025, TotalEnergies will have reached a gross installed renewable electricity generation capacity of more than 30 GW and intends to continue developing its activities to reach 35 GW in 2025 and then 100 GW in 2030, which would place the Company among the top five global players in renewable electricity (wind and solar), excluding Chinese players. 100 to 120 Electricity production target for 2030 11, 5 GW of storage capacity deployed worldwide by 2030 Biomass Vegetable oils, used cooking oils, animal fats for biofuel production, organic waste for biogas production. . . Biomass is a renewable energy source of the future, enabling the development of low-carbon molecules. It is now an immediately available solution for rapidly reducing the carbon footprint of mobility and replacing natural gas. A real challenge, since by 2030, the share of renewable energy used in transport will have to reach 14% in the European Union. Scroll up Scroll down Expanding our biofuels offering Today, biofuels emit 50% less CO 2 than their fossil fuel equivalents 4, making them a decarbonization pathway for liquid fuels. Because demand is strong, this is a high-margin market, but access to feedstocks (plants, residues, sugar, etc. ) remains a barrier to growth. We favor the manufacture of Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF) for the decarbonization of the aviation sector. To avoid land-use conflicts, we develop solutions based on the priority use of waste and residues from the food industry (used oils, animal fats). Our aim is to increase the share of circular feedstocks to more than 75% as from 2024 in our production of biofuels. Scroll up Scroll down Accelerating in biogas Biogas, produced by the degradation of organic waste, produced from the decomposition of organic waste, is a renewable gas. Injected into gas networks in the form of biomethane, it contributes to the decarbonization of natural gas uses. By the end of 2024, TotalEnergies' total gross annual production capacity will be 1. 2 TWh of biomethane equivalent (compared to 1. 1 in 2023 and 0. 5 TWh in 2022). The Company now intends to pursue its development through growth mainly in Europe and the United States, with a net capacity target of 10 TWh by 2030. Our projects and realizations in the biomass sector Scroll up Scroll down Hydrogen Hydrogen acts as a gateway between a primary energy source and its end uses. We are interested in the production of more low-carbon hydrogen, which concerns: renewable hydrogen (commonly known as “green hydrogen”), produced either by electrolysis using electricity from renewable energy sources, or by any other technology using exclusively one or more of these same renewable energy sources and not conflicting with other uses enabling their direct valorization. low-carbon hydrogen (commonly known as “blue hydrogen”), produced by converting fossil fuels, but whose CO 2 emissions are captured for reuse or storage, using carbon capture and storage (CCS) processes. Low-carbon hydrogen also refers to hydrogen produced by electrolysis, using electricity from low-carbon energy sources, notably nuclear (commonly referred to as “yellow hydrogen”), with a significant reduction in greenhouse gas emissions over the entire life cycle compared with hydrogen produced using existing techniques 5. For our operations, our priority is to decarbonize the hydrogen consumed in our European refineries by 2030. TotalEnergies aims to replace carbon-based or grey hydrogen by green hydrogen, produced by electrolysis of water using electricity from renewable energy sources. The hydrogen production capacities currently under development will contribute to our ambition of increasing new molecules – biofuels, biogas, hydrogen and e-fuels 6 – to 25% of our energy production and sales by 2050. Through these projects, we aim to position ourselves as a pioneer in the mass production of renewable, low-carbon hydrogen to meet growing demand. This ambition will be particularly necessary to help decarbonize heavy mobility. More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Carbon neutrality: an approach shared with our customers We are actively working to make carbon neutrality a shared approach with our customers. The key to making an effective contribution to the energy transition is to gradually transform the way in which our customers consume energy. As a result, we are pursuing a marketing policy geared towards low-carbon products, and will be reducing our offer for certain uses for which competitive low-carbon alternatives exist. Accompanying our customers towards low-carbon mobility Transport accounted for around 25% of global CO 2 emissions in 2021. Our conviction: tomorrow’s mobility does not call for a single solution, but a range of complementary ones. Road transport We offer our customers solutions to accelerate the adoption of electric mobility: deployment of charging infrastructure, with a worldwide target of 150, 000 charging points in operation; upgrading to high-power charging solutions on freeways, with a target of 1, 000 European sites equipped by 2028. Air transport One of the main levers for decarbonizing the air transport sector is the integration of SAF. When it’s produced from used cooking oil make it possible to 80% 6 reduction in CO 2 emissions over the entire life cycle. We have set ourselves the target of producing 1. 5 Mt of SAF worldwide by 2030 and are working with all players in the value chain, from suppliers of bio-based raw materials to customers who incorporate SAF into aircraft. Maritime transport To reduce the emissions of our maritime customers, we are committed to supplying LNG (with a target of 10% of the global market by 2030), bio-LNG and biofuels at strategic bunkering centers. In the long term, we are working with partners in maritime coalitions and cross-sector R&D initiatives to shape the market for future decarbonized shipping fuels (advanced biofuels, biomethane, green methanol and synthetic ammonia). We are also working to reduce shipping emissions by renewing our fleet of chartered LNG carriers with modern, high-performance vessels. More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Scroll up Scroll down Notes 1 Roughly a dozen years compared to several hundred years for CO 2. Global warming potential of about 80 over 20 years and 28 over 100 years (source: IPCC AR5). 2 Excluding biogenic methane. 3 Methane emission intensity relative to commercial gas production. 4 According to the European Directive 2018/2001 named RED II. 5 For these definitions of "renewable hydrogen" and "low-carbon hydrogen", TotalEnergies refers to the definitions provided by French legislation (Article L. 811-1 of the Energy Code) and the European Commission (Communication from the Commission COM(2020) 301, "A hydrogen strategy for a climate-neutral Europe", July 8, 2020). 6 Panorama 2020 - Biofuels incorporated into fuels in France, published by the Ministry of Ecological Transition and Territorial Cohesion. Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:04:20 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/ship-market/products-services | 2.03 KB ===

Our products and services | TotalEnergies. com Our products and services Our products and services Our wide range of products and services help our business or retail customers optimize their transportation experience and operations. They can rely on our expertise every day through our global network of service stations; our line-up of fuels, lubricants, bitumen, natural gas, special fluids and fuel additives and our power and solar photovoltaic solutions. Being close to our customers We are here to provide you with quality products and daily services, and to listen to you: we aim to be a proximity champion. Learn more TotalEnergies supports sustainable mobility Our concrete and complementary solutions that address climate change and the new habits of mobility will meet our customers’ requirements. Learn more Our industrial solutions Through our cutting-edge research, we develop lubricants, fuels, special fluids and bitumen to support our customers’ industrial operations. Learn more Solar solutions All over the world, we play an active role in developing dependable and competitive solar energy. Learn more Natural gas and power solutions We offer businesses and consumers a comprehensive range of solutions that are simple, reliable and cost effective. Learn more More News 2022 India: TotalEnergies and Adani Join Forces to Create a World-Class Green Hydrogen Company Press release 2022 All 24 Hours of Le Mans Race Cars to Use 100% Renewable Fuel Produced by TotalEnergies Press release 2022 TotalEnergies Begins Producing Sustainable Aviation Fuel At Its Normandy Platform Press release 2022 Mozambique: TotalEnergies to become a leading player in fuel distribution Press release 2022 TotalEnergies Launches Port of Marseille Fos’ First Ship-to-Containership LNG Bunkering Operation Press Release 2022 United Arab Emirates: TotalEnergies joins Masdar and Siemens Energy in initiative to drive green hydrogen development and produce Sustainable Aviation Fuel Press release Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:04:20 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/explore-produce/committed-future-bioenergies | 7.84 KB ===

The development of bioenergies at the heart of TotalEnergies' ambition | TotalEnergies. com Committed to the Future of Bioenergies As renewable, low-carbon resources, bioenergies have a vital contribution to make in reducing emissions, particularly in transportation. Bioenergies are therefore a perfect fit with our ambition to become the responsible energy major. As a pioneer in biofuels for more than 20 years as well as a bioplastics producer, we have a role in the future of the bioenergies sector and the development of all biomass conversion pathways. Bioenergies: Helping to Reconcile Growth and Climate Change Biomass encompasses all organic material derived from plants, animals and microbes. Biomass can be converted to produce biofuels and bioplastics, and thereby help meet three major challenges. Meeting the energy needs of a growing world population The increase in global energy needs goes hand in hand with global population growth and economic and social development. In the transportation sector, energy needs are increasing by 31% per year. Demand for plastics is growing by 3% annually. Limiting global warming According to the 2°C scenario put forward by the International Energy Agency (IEA), the world economy must undertake major changes in order to limit energy-related carbon emissions. One of the drivers identified to achieve this shift is an increase in the share of renewable energies, particularly through the development of biofuels. More than 20% of worldwide CO 2 emissions are attributable to transportation. Biofuels, which lower carbon dioxide emissions by at least 50% compared to fossil fuels, are key to reducing this sector’s environmental footprint. Today, biomass represents the only renewable alternative to fossil fuels in the production of liquid fuels, on which transportation still largely depends. A significant amount of legislation has been passed to encourage and channel the development of biofuels. In Europe, for example, 14% of transportation fuel must come from renewable sources by 2030. Also offering interesting prospects for reducing the environmental footprint is the development of bioplastics. Polylactic acid (PLA) polymers, for example, are biodegradable and less carbon-intensive than conventional polymers. Adapting to the changing expectations of customers and society Conscious of the urgency of combating climate change and sensitive to the issue of sustainable development, our customers are adapting their behavior and expect solutions with a lower environmental impact, including biofuels and bioplastics. Our ambition is to position TotalEnergies as a leader in biofuels by developing industrial and commercial expertise in biomass conversion. We are developing innovative bioplastics that will meet the challenges of sustainable development. Christophe Vuillez Senior VP, Strategy, Development, Research at Refining & Chemicals, and head of the Biofuels division Find out the presentation by Bernard Pinatel, Director General Refining-Chemistry, on the mobility revolution Preparing the Future of Biofuels and Bioplastics To achieve our ambition of becoming a leader in biofuels and developing innovative bioplastics, we are actively working on all biomass conversion solutions. We are involved in the two main biomass conversion pathways: Thermochemical conversion, which enables biomass to be transformed into a wide range of molecules through the combined action of pressure, temperature and often a catalyst. Biotechnology, which uses microorganisms, such as yeast, bacteria or microalgae that are capable of converting both plant matter and inorganic carbon (CO/CO 2 ) into target molecules. These two pathways are flexible and can be used separately or together to produce a wide array of products from a variety of resources. However, many challenges still lie ahead. The bioproducts currently available on the market are mainly produced from vegetable oils and sugars. The conversion of resources such as lignocellulose (plant waste) or microalgae (microorganisms that can directly transform CO 2 and light into molecules of interest for our markets) is still in the R&D stage. TotalEnergies is present across the entire value chain, from R&D to industrial production. Developing our position as a producer and retailer of bioenergies through major industrial projects As a pioneer in biofuels, for more than 20 years TotalEnergies has been producing ethyl tert-butyl ether (ETBE), a gasoline additive, as well as hydrotreated vegetable oil (HVO), which is used for diesel. We are also Europe’s leading retailer of biofuels, with more than 2. 4 million metric tons incorporated into our gasoline and diesel in 2018, and we have developed in-depth knowledge of the markets and customers. To achieve our ambition of becoming a leader in sustainable biofuel markets, we transformed our La Mède refinery in France into a world-class biorefinery. One of the largest facilities of its kind in Europe, the biorefinery has a capacity of 500, 000 tonnes of HVO-type biofuels per year, in order to continue to meet growing demand. Learn more about La Mède: France’s first world-class biorefinery Find out more about Grandpuits: a zero oil platform manufacturing biofuels and bioplastics On the bioplastics market, we are developing innovative products that meet the challenges of sustainable development and enable our customers to embrace more conscientious consumption. We are focusing particularly on polylactic acid (PLA), a polymer produced from sugar and starch crops with an environmental footprint one third that of conventional polymers. PLA is currently used mainly in food packaging and textiles as well as in the medical, electronic and automotive industries, and is one of the first renewable polymers able to compete with existing polymers in terms of performance. In December 2018, together with our partner Corbion, we started up a world-class PLA plant with a capacity of 75, 000 metric tons per year. Our ambition is to become the world’s number two PLA supplier. Learn more about PLA Harnessing cutting-edge R&D to develop tomorrow’s bioenergies €500+ million spent on advanced biofuel R&D in the last ten years Biofuel and bioplastic development still poses challenges relating to availability, collection and technology. As part of our ambition to become the responsible energy major, one of our goals consists in developing technologies to broaden the range of usable resources and designing innovative, heavy-duty and competitive products. For more than ten years, our R&D teams have harnessed their expertise to bring to light tomorrow’s bioenergies. The utilization of lignocellulose (plant waste) and microalgae (microorganisms that can transform CO 2 directly into molecules of interest for our markets) are two focuses of our efforts. We conduct our research as part of joint projects and top-tier partnerships with start-ups and academic and industrial players, including Renmatix, not to mention the Futurol and BioTfueL consortiums. Developed with five partners, the BioTfueL project aims to transform lignocellulosic biomass such as straw, forest wastes and dedicated crops into biofuels using a thermochemical pathway. Microalgae also offers promising prospects. To demonstrate the industrial potential of this resource, TotalEnergies is conducting a variety of R&D projects in partnership with players in the research world, such as France’s CEA and China’s Qingdao Institute of Bioenergy and Bioprocess Technology, as well as the Netherlands’ Wageningen University (European Magnificent project). Learn more about PCV, AlgaePARC, QIBEBT: Proving and harnessing microalgae’s potential Read more on TotalEnergies. com TotalEnergies starts up the La Mède biorefinery All about biomass Developing renewable energies Our projects and facilities Bioenergies: a natural and renewable energy source Find out more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:04:32 | https://totalenergies.com/company/energy-expertise/ship-market/our-trading-and-shipping-operations | 6.42 KB ===

Trading and shipping oil and gas | TotalEnergies. com Our Trading and Shipping Operations Every day, billions of companies and individuals use oil and gas to commute, work, heat homes and offices and perform many other activities. We buy and sell this oil and gas around the world. Our teams work to maximize the value of our products, secure supply to our refineries and transport energy to consumer hubs, all while managing the related financial and logistical risks. We are active in 120 countries where we deal with all aspects of oil and gas trading, including physical trading, derivatives and shipping. An integrated energy operator with a global network Marketing oil and gas all over the world at the right price means managing two important variables: Financial markets and price risks linked to market volatility, which depend on a number of economic, geopolitical and even climate-related factors. Arranging shipping from production areas to consumer hubs worldwide under optimal safety conditions and in a timely, cost-effective way. To rise to these challenges, our trading & shipping teams around the world work in close collaboration with TotalEnergies' Upstream and Downstream business segments, forming a one-stop shop on oil and gas markets. This optimizes transactions and means that we are equipped to offer tailored solutions to a wide range of players, from producers, transporters and refiners to financial institutions and industrial firms. We trade with an extensive global network of partners every day, affording us a highly diversified range of resources and supply sources to complement our production volumes. This maximizes the chances of selling both our own and our partner producers’ production while securing supply flows to our refineries and our distribution system. TotalEnergies' trading and shipping operations Trading: maximizing the value of our own and our customers’ assets Every day, our traders deal in oil and gas markets. Their mission is to maximize the value of our production, supply our refineries under the best market conditions and import and export products to match supply to demand in local markets. In addition, they are tasked with managing risks, in particular to limit our exposure to sometimes extreme price fluctuations. Thanks to our expertise and experience in oil markets, we have developed monitoring and decision-support tools at the cutting-edge of trading. Our teams enjoy a global view of real-time flows and segment information, around the clock. As a result, we can respond to developments with the agility needed to maximize the value of our own assets and those of our customers. “We are pioneers in trading liquefied natural gas (LNG)” Long controlled by State-owned companies, the European gas industry was largely privatized during the 2000s. This development paved the way for the creation of a free market for LNG trading. TotalEnergies was one of the first companies to have seized the opportunities presented by this emerging market, with our first transactions taking place in 2003. Today, we are among the top three companies in the market. In line with our strategy, we work to anticipate the launch of new liquefaction projects and to maximize the value of our LNG portfolio in every market. LNG trading relies on a very broad range of skills, including arbitrage, one of our longstanding areas of expertise. The purpose of arbitrage is to redirect shipments in response to opportunities created by local demand and prices while managing shipping, price, currency and interest rate risk. Shipping: transporting oil and gas We organize the transportation of oil and gas from production areas to major consumer hubs. We select and charter the safest vessels to ensure that cargo is shipped in the most timely, cost-effective way and, naturally, under optimal safety conditions. Leveraging a leading maritime transportation network In 2021, we chartered nearly 2, 700 vessels to transport 120 million metric tons of crude oil and petroleum products. We maintain a permanent fleet of nearly 47 time-chartered vessels. We apply one of the most rigorous selection standards in the oil industry for every ship we use, especially those in our fleet. To make sure each vessel meets our standards, our vetting process notably evaluates the condition of the equipment, ship maintenance, crew quality and operating procedures on board. In 2021, we sold more than 42 million metric tons of LNG. We transported this gas on board ultra-high-performance LNG carriers capable of maintaining an extreme cold chain (-163°C) between the liquefaction site and the regasification plant. Ice-Class LNG Carriers: Opening Up a Whole New Sea Lane Technological marvels, ice-class LNG carriers can reliably and regularly transport large shipments of Arctic LNG to consumer hubs. Thanks to this innovative solution, we are able to use the Northern Sea Route via the Bering Strait in the summer without the assistance of ice-breakers, meaning it takes half the time to ship cargo between Sabetta and Asia than it would along the route via Europe and the Suez Canal. Our onshore infrastructure We have access to advanced infrastructure for transporting hydrocarbons across land through interests in some 30 gas pipelines worldwide. This enables us to efficiently deliver our gas and oil from fields to storage centers and major consumer hubs. LNG requires a specific supply chain that includes regasification terminals, as the liquefied gas must be converted back into its gaseous state before it is injected into distribution networks. Whether through acquired interests or reserved regasification capacity, we currently conduct our activities at six sites and soon at a seventh site that is currently under construction: Dunkerque, Montoir and Fos Cavaou (France), South Hook and Isle of Grain (United Kingdom), Zeebruges (Belgium) and soon Dhamra (India). “FSRUs: Unlocking new LNG markets” Floating storage regasification units (FSRUs) for LNG may be moored to a docking facility or anchored at sea. Less expensive and faster to deploy than onshore infrastructure, FSRUs have made it possible for new comers to import LNG. Find out more about the advantages of FSRUs Also on TotalEnergies. com Exploring to produce better energy All our products and services Close-up on our refining and petrochemicals operations Be recognized as the benchmark for safety in our industry Three global trading hubs Find out more Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:04:56 | https://totalenergies.com/info/help-and-contact | 1.73 KB ===

Help and Contact | TotalEnergies. com Help and Contact Help and Contact Didn't find the information you were looking for on our site? Check the sections below. You are: Institutionnal investor or analyst Find all the answers to your questions in the following sections: Invest in TotalEnergies Publications and regulated information Sustainability reports and indicators If you haven't found the answer to your question, find our contact information on the dedicated page or. Receive financial communications Shareholder Find all the answers to your questions in the following sections: Becoming a shareholder Individual shareholder Employee shareholders Shareholders’ Circle Shareholders’ meetings If you haven't found the answer to your question, find our contact information on the dedicated page or. Receive financial communications Candidate or school To find out more about us and our working conditions, visit. Find all our job offers Customer Whether you're an individual or a professional customer, we invite you to contact one of our sales sites or your personal contact. Find the list of customer sites Journalist Find all our press releases. You can find the Press Department's contact details and get in touch directly via this form. Receive our press releases Find out more Personal data management Find out more TotalEnergies Foundation Working closely with its partners, TotalEnergies Corporate Foundation takes action to help young people, in particular the most vulnerable among them. Find out more Sports sponsorship TotalEnergies is a partner of various sporting events around the world. Find out more If you haven't found the answer to your question, you can. Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-05 12:04:56 | https://totalenergies.com/sustainability/people-well-being/health-and-safety#header-quicklink--footer | 10.50 KB ===

Health and Safety for Everyone | TotalEnergies. com Health and Safety for Everyone Health and Safety for Everyone Safety is more than just a priority at TotalEnergies; it is a core value on which we will not compromise. Producing, transforming and distributing energy inherently involves certain risks for the health and safety of employees, contractors and residents in the vicinity of our industrial sites. Furthermore, certain products marketed by TotalEnergies may present risks for the health and safety of consumers. It is around safety, in accordance with the strictest standards and with regard to health that the operational measures and indicators used to manage TotalEnergies’ activities are based. Our safety targets are clear – we have set a goal of zero fatalities and are aiming for ongoing reductions in the number of accidents, safeguarding the health of our employees at work and avoiding major industrial accidents. We also seek to minimize the risks of consuming our products. Our health and safety indicators (XLS) Summary Our health and safety policy Preventing major industrial accidents Preventing accidents at work Preventing transport accidents Preventing occupational health risks Limiting health and safety risks for consumers 0 fatal accident: our safety target Scroll up Scroll down Our health and safety policy As part of the Strategy & Sustainability Department, our Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) division coordinates the promotion and implementation of TotalEnergies’ health and safety policies. We monitor a range of indicators to constantly adapt our actions to better protect personal health and safety. Our operations are guided by the Safety Health Environment Quality Charter and the HSE reference framework known as One MAESTRO, which sets out the HSE principles to be applied throughout the Company. Our subsidiaries operating sites are audited every three to five years to evaluate the implementation of this framework. Furthermore, our subsidiaries holding an interest in assets operated by third parties seek to promote the Company’s HSE requirements and best practices. They must also use their best efforts to enable that similar requirements are adopted by the operator. The HSE risks of these assets must be assessed at least every five years. In addition, before any final decision to invest in a construction project or acquire or sell a subsidiary, the proposals presented to the Company’s Risk Committee are assessed with regard to health and safety risks. One MAESTRO, a shared HSE framework for all TotalEnergies operations In order to ensure consistency across all our HSE actions, while also respecting the specific nature of our business segments, we have put in place a framework named One MAESTRO (Management and Expectations Standards Toward Robust Operations) structured around 10 fundamental principles: Management Leadership & Commitment Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Company Requirements Risk Management Operational Accountability Contractors and Suppliers Competencies & Training Emergency Preparedness Learning From Events Monitoring, Audit & Inspection Performance Improvement We strive to keep everyone safe and in good health Scroll up Scroll down Preventing major industrial accidents In order to prevent any major industrial accidents at our facilities, our risk management policy applies from design phase and continues throughout the facilities’ lifespan. The technical standards we apply when designing and building facilities integrate the applicable regulatory requirements and refer to industry best practices. To manage operations and uphold the integrity of facilities we operate, formal rules have been set out to prevent specific risks that have been identified either by means of risk analyses or from internal and industry feedback. To deal effectively with the consequences of a major industrial accident, we have implemented a global crisis management system, which includes an on-call system available 24/7, a specific process for subsidiaries and a special crisis management platform. The standards clearly stipulate that subsidiaries must have response plans and procedures in place and test them regularly in the event of accidents such as leaks, fires, explosions or transport accidents. 0 major industrial accident in 2024 Our actions to prevent major industrial accidents Scroll up Scroll down Preventing accidents at work Our workplace accident prevention policy concerns not only our employees, but also the employees of contractors working on sites operated by the Company. In addition to the One MAESTRO reference framework, we have established two global programs: The 12 Golden Rules for safety at work: Easy to understand, easy to remember and built on lessons learned from accidents in the workplace, these rules are essential to achieving our safety ambitions. The “Our lives first” program: This program includes joint safety tours with contractors, the “Safety Green Light” (a pre-work routine on all operated sites concerned) and the “Life Saving Checks” tool to intensify checks in the field and measure compliance with safety rules for the five high-risk activities (work at height, lifting operations, work on energy-powered systems, work in confined spaces and hot work). The correct implementation of the One MAESTRO reference framework, and more generally, of all the Company’s occupational safety programs, is verified with site visits and audits. Moreover, verification of the HSE commitment of contractors involves a rigorous qualification process. In order to encourage everyone to get on board with our HSE policy, we provide training to establish a broad-based, consistent body of knowledge that is shared by everyone. 0. 55 TotalEnergies TRIR* in 2024, below the target of 0. 62 * TRIR (Total Recordable Injury Rate): number of workplace accidents per million hours worked. Our policy to prevent accidents at work Scroll up Scroll down Preventing transport accidents In the field of road transportation, we adopted a policy many years ago to reduce the number of accidents by applying standards, providing driver training, promoting communication, defining technical specifications for Company vehicles and rolling out a large-scale inspection program of transportation contractors. It applies to all our employees, as well as the employees of contractors. With respect to maritime and inland waterways transportation, the process and criteria for selecting ships and barges are defined by the teams in charge of vetting. These criteria take into account not only the ship or barge but also the crew, ensuring that the crew has the qualifications and training required and that the safety management system is effectively applied. In air transportation, we have put in place a carrier selection process to limit the risks relating to travel by Company and contractors’ employees, if their journey is organized by TotalEnergies. This process is based on data from recognized international organizations and civil aviation authorities’ recommendations. We are working to prevent traffic accidents Scroll up Scroll down Preventing occupational health risks The One MAESTRO framework provides that our subsidiaries identify and evaluate risks at the workplace in the short, medium and long term and put in place suitable action plans. In addition, TotalEnergies has developed a health reference framework to protect employees’ physical and mental health by implementing an appropriate risk analysis and prevention policy. As such, the health guidelines require every subsidiary to offer its employees a medical checkup at least every two years and set out a formal medical monitoring procedure, taking into account the requirements under local law and the level of exposure of its personnel to the various risks. On a broader level, we support the promotion of individual and collective health programs in our operating countries through vaccination campaigns and screening programs, which are available for employees, their families and local communities. In addition, we have put in place a policy to prevent psychosocial risks and have developed a global program for all employees exposed to such risks. We ensure that our managerial staff members are aware of these risks and the impact the workplace can have on the wellbeing of their employees. 99% of employees exposed to specific occupational risks benefited from regular medical monitoring in 2024 Our policy to prevent occupational health risks Scroll up Scroll down Limiting health and safety risks for consumers Unless certain precautions are taken, some products marketed by TotalEnergies may pose potential consumer health and safety risks. Respecting regulatory requirements is the main measure to limit risk throughout the life cycle of these products. In order to reduce potential risks to consumer health and the environment, we have defined the minimum requirements for our petroleum or chemical products worldwide. They include identifying and assessing the risks inherent to these products and their use, as well as providing information to consumers. The implementation of these requirements is monitored by in-house teams of regulatory experts, toxicologists and ecotoxicologists. We strive to protect consumer health and safety Our transition in action: Health and safety for everyone Every year in April, the International Labour Organization celebrates the World Day for Safety and Health at Work. This event gives TotalEnergies an opportunity to remind people of the importance of safety. A different theme is chosen every year so we can discuss ideas with our employees and partner companies and work together to achieve our health and safety targets. World Day for Safety: Rallying our Teams and Partner Companies to Engage with Safety Find out more A Company Committed to Road Safety Find out more 2024 I’m a #SafeDriver: Being Mindful of Others While Driving Find out more 2024 I’m a #Safedriver: Avoiding Fatigue and Distractions Behind the Wheel Find out more 2024 World Day for Safety 2024: Learning Lessons from Our Experiences to Improve Safety Find out more 2023 I’m a #Safedriver: Keep Control of Your Vehicle at All Times Find out more 2023 Technological Risks Management: At Totalenergies, Every Detail Counts Find out more Previous slide Next slide Chapter 5. 3. 1. 2 – “Health and safety” Universal Registration Document 2024 Further more Safety, respect and well-being Learn more Responsible employer Learn more More Energy, Less Emissions Sustainability & Climate 2025 Progress Report March 2025 Consult Respect of your privacy I accept I refuse View the Personal Data and Tracker Policy


=== 2025-11-10 07:43:04 | https://totalenergies.com/privacy | 20.23 KB ===

Privacy | TotalEnergies. com Privacy Welcome to the Website (hereinafter the “Website”) TotalEnergies SE is the « data controller » with responsability for personal data processing on the Website. These processing operations are carried out in accordance with the applicable law. 1. Purpose of processing, legal basis, the period of storage and types of data collected When visiting the Website, you may need to provide us with personal data. Purposes Categories of personal data Legal basis Retention period Respond to your information requests (e. g. press contacts, general information requests) Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Your data is kept for as long as necessary for processing. Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Sponsorship requests Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Advertising requests Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which it cannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Create your candidate account in our recruitment area Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Respond to your requests for information regarding your status as an individual shareholder or potential shareholder, or as an investor in TotalEnergies Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Statistics Connection data (IPs, Logs), Navigation You authorize us to process your data. This information is necessary to enable your request to be processed, otherwise it cannot be processed. You can withdraw your consent at any time without jeopardizing any processing operations that have already been completed, by writing to the following address: contact form 2. Recipients of the data In order to process your personal data according to the Charter, your personal data may be communicated to one or more of the data controller's departments or to TotalEnergies Group subsidiaries and one or more partners, independent distributors or subcontractors: Marketing service providers, software service providers. 3. Data transfers Any transfer of data to a country outside the European Economic Area shall be carried out in accordance with the applicable regulations and in such a way as to protect your data appropriately. As part of the services provided on the site and in order to respond to your requests, your data, such as your name, first name and e-mail address, may be transferred to TotalEnergies Group entities located outside the European Union. In order to ensure adequate protection of personal data originating from the European Economic Area that may be transferred to TotalEnergies Group entities located outside the European Economic Area, Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) have been adopted. For transfers of personal data not covered by BCRs to countries outside the European Economic Area, other measures are put in place to ensure adequate data protection. If you would like more information on our BCRs please see the next tab. For information on the other measures in place to ensure adequate protection, please write to the contact address indicated at the end of this page. 4. Data security and confidentiality The data controller takes appropriate steps to preserve the security and confidentiality of your personal data, including to prevent them from being distorted, damaged or disclosed to unauthorized third parties. . Editor Statistics atidvisitor, atuserid, atauthority Analysis of the traffic on the website. AT Internet Up to 6 months Advertising IDE, DSID doubleclick. net Analysis of the traffic on the website. doubleclick Up to 6 months Technical and functional __cfduid Optimisation of website performance Cloudflare 10 days Technical and functional preferred-language User's language preference Drupal 1 year Technical and functional utag_main Used by the Tealium tag manager Tealium 1 year Technical and functional CONSENTMGR GDPR consent choices, used by Drupal Tealium 180 days Technical and functional user-country-slb Protection of access to the SLB page Drupal Session Advertising utag_main Used by Tealium Tealium 6 months Social networks _fbp, fr, Allows the display of advertising products Facebook 90 days Social networks Customisation of the user experience on the platform LinkedIn Session or up to 6 months Social networks personalization_id Allows the visitor to share content from the website on their Twitter profile Twitter 6 months How to withdraw your consent? On your first connection to the Website 6. Your rights / Contact In accordance with the current regulations, you have the right to access and correct your data and to give post-mortem instructions. Regarding processing based on the performance of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, you have also the right to delete your data and to data portability and you can request a restriction of processing. By mail at the following address: TotalEnergies SE Direction de la communication Tour Coupole 2, place Jean Millier - Arche Nord - Coupole/Regnault 92078 Paris La Défense Cedex France By e-mail at the following address: data-protection@totalenergies. com. If you feel, after contacting us, that your rights have not been respected, you can lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. Summarized version of TotalEnergies' Binding Corporate Rules 1. Introduction The TotalEnergies Group (or “Total”) promotes a culture and practices regarding the protection of personal data 1, in accordance with the applicable laws. To this end, TotalEnergies has implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”). This document summarizes the data protection principles that apply under our BCRs and the rights granted by them. 2. Purpose Our BCRs are a set of internal binding rules, which are applicable to all of the TotalEnergies subsidiaries that have adopted them. They have been approved by the European data protection authorities. They allow TotalEnergies subsidiaries to transfer personal data originating from the European economic area (“EEA”) 2 to TotalEnergies subsidiaries located outside of the EEA in compliance with the applicable law. 3. Implementation scope Our BCRs apply to all EEA-originating personal data processed by TotalEnergies subsidiaries including data relating to former and current employees, job applicants, clients and prospective clients, suppliers and sub-contractors and the staff of third companies acting on behalf of the Group subsidiaries as well as shareholders (hereafter “data subjects”). 4. Protection principles The following principles set out in our BCRs must be respected, among which: Lawfulness Any processing 3 operation carried out has a legal basis, provided by the applicable law. Personal data must only be processed for lawful, determined and legitimate purposes. The data must not be further processed in a way which is incompatible with those purposes. Relevance Personal data must be accurate and proportionate, in terms of quality and quantity, in relation to the purpose of the processing. Transparency Personal data must be obtained lawfully and loyally. Data subjects must be informed about the characteristics of the processing of their personal data and about their rights, unless this proves impossible or would involve disproportionate efforts. Security Personal data must be protected by appropriate security measures to limit the risks of unauthorized access, destruction, alteration or loss. To do so, a set of internal norms apply, allowing to ensure the security and the confidentiality of personal data: The usage Charter for the IT and communication resources, that requires to act in accordance with the regulation and with the confidentiality rules; The Information Systems Security policy, that defines the governance mode of the security of information systems; The Information Systems Security Reference System, that enumerates, through 19 detailed themes, the different requirements of the Group in terms of security of information systems; The Information Protection policy, that presents the requirements relative to the protection of confidentiality, integrity and of the availability of the information held and exchanged within the Group When calling upon the services of a third party to process personal data, TotalEnergies subsidiary makes sure that the latter offers sufficient guarantees as regards the security and confidentiality of data. Retention Personal data must be retained only for a reasonable and not excessive period of time with regard to the purpose of the processing. When the retention period expires, the data is destroyed, anonymized or archived. International transfers 4 of personal data TotalEnergies does not transfer personal data originating from the EEA directly to a company not belonging to the Group located in a country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection (data controller or processor) without a legal basis under applicable law and instruments providing for sufficient safeguards, such as the standard contractual clauses. Similarly, where a data importer further transfers personal data originating from the EEA to a company not belonging to the Group (data controller or processor) located in a country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection, the data importer shall enter into an agreement with this company whereby it commits to observe the principles of BCRs. 5. Data subject rights Under our BCRs, data subjects whose personal data are processed have the following rights: Right of access to the data Right to rectify, erase and lock data Right to object to the processing Right to limit the processing [A comprehensive list of the rights granted by the BCRs is detailed in APPENDIX 1 hereafter]. Data subjects may exercise these rights by submitting a request using the contact details provided in the legal notice concerning the processing of their data. TotalEnergies subsidiaries undertake to give replies within the legal deadline about queries concerning the processing outside the EEA. Moreover, if data subjects believe that a TotalEnergies subsidiary has failed to observe the BCRs, they have the right to lodge a complaint by sending: An e-mail to: data-protection@totalenergies. com or A letter to TotalEnergies – DATA PROTECTION, Tour Coupole, 2 place Jean Millier, Arche Nord Coupole/Regnault, 92078 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX. Data subjects will be informed about the status of their complaint and of any further steps. The internal complaint procedure is described in APPENDIX 2 hereafter. The fact that data subjects may file a complaint with TotalEnergies does not affect their rights to lodge a complaint with the competent EEA data protection authorities or to bring an action before the courts of the EEA country where the TotalEnergies subsidiary responsible for exporting the personal data is established. 6. Governance An internal « personal data Protection network » is in charge of monitoring and controlling the implementation of the BCRs within the Group. It is composed of: A Corporate Data Privacy Lead who monitors and follows compliance actions at the Group level; Branch Data Privacy Leads who lead and coordinate compliance actions at the Branch level; Data Privacy Liaisons who lead and coordinate compliance actions at the affiliate level. 7. Internal control and audit To ensure the proper application of our BCRs, some internal control and audit mechanisms have been implemented. An annual internal control plan is defined by the personal data Protection network to assess the level of compliance of the Group’s processing regarding our BCRs. A reporting is also set up to report regularly on the actions plans that have been drawn up after evaluations. Furthermore, the Group Internal Audit Direction also integrates the control of the personal data protection pattern into its periodic audit plan. 8. Changes to Total’s rules If necessary, our BCRs may be completed or updated. 9. More information A copy of the comprehensive version of our BCRs as well as a list of TotalEnergies subsidiaries that adopted them can be obtained by sending an e-mail at: data-protection@totalenergies. com 1 Personal data means any information enabling the direct or indirect identification of a natural person. 2 EEA means Member States of the European Union plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 3 Processing means any operation which is performed upon personal data, whether or not by automatic means (e. g: collection, recording, storage, destruction…). 4 Transfer means all virtual and physical exchanges of EEA-originating personal data from one country to another. APPENDIX 1 THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY RIGHTS Our BCRs grant rights to Data Subjects to enforce the Rules as third-party beneficiaries. More specifically, they may enforce the following principles according to the terms and conditions set out in our BCRs: That any processing operation carried out within the Group must have a legal basis as provided for by Applicable Law; That TotalEnergies must collect and process Personal Data for legitimate, specified and explicit purposes and must not further process any Personal Data in a way incompatible with the purpose for which they were collected; That TotalEnergies must process Personal Data that are relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which they are collected, and that these Data must be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; That Data Subjects must be provided with easy and permanent access to the information relating to their rights under these BCRs; That Data Subjects whose Personal Data originate from the EEA must have a right of access, of rectification and of objection to the processing of their Personal Data in accordance with Applicable Law; That Data Subjects whose Personal Data originate from the EEA must not be subject to a decision that produces legal effects concerning them or significantly affects them and that is based solely on automated processing of Personal Data intended to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to them, unless that decision: Is taken in the course of the entering into or performance of a contract, provided the request for the entering into or the performance of the contract, lodged by the Data Subject, has been satisfied or that there are suitable measures to safeguard his/her legitimate interests, such as arrangements allowing him/her to express his/her point of view; or Is authorized by Applicable Law, which also lays down measures to safeguard the Data Subject’s legitimate interests; That TotalEnergies must implement appropriate measures to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data, having regard to the state of art and the cost of their implementation; That TotalEnergies must conclude a written processing agreement with any service provider used to process Personal Data, specifying that the service provider shall act only under Total’s instructions and shall implement appropriate security and confidentiality measures; That TotalEnergies must not transfer Personal Data from a Member State of the EEA or originating from the EEA to a company not belonging to the Group and located in a Third Country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection (either an External Data Controller or Processor) without a legal basis under Applicable Law and instruments providing for sufficient safeguards; That a TotalEnergies Subsidiary must immediately inform the Data exporter if this TotalEnergies Subsidiary deems that the legislation applicable in its jurisdiction is likely to prevent it from fulfilling its obligations pursuant to Total’s BCRs, and have a detrimental effect on the guarantees offered by these BCRs, unless where prohibited by a law enforcement authority, in particular as a result of a prohibition under criminal law to preserve the confidentiality of a law enforcement investigation; That any Data Subject may lodge a complaint with TotalEnergies through the internal complaint mechanism in accordance with the terms set out in the Chapter « Complaint handling »; That any Data Subject may lodge a complaint with the National Supervisory Authorities or bring an action before the court of the EEA Member State where the Data exporter is established in order to enforce the above principles, and, where appropriate, to receive compensation for the damage suffered as a result of a breach of Total’s BCRs. If, in the course of a transfer of Personal Data outside the EEA, the Data importer fails to observe Total’s BCRs, the Data exporter will defend any claim, establish that the Data importer has not violated the BCRs, and pay compensation to the Data Subject for the damage suffered as a result of that violation. APPENDIX 2 INTERNAL COMPLAINT HANDLING PROCEDURE 1. How to make a complaint Data Subjects may file a complaint by sending: An e-mail to: data-protection@totalenergies. com or A letter to TotalEnergies – DATA PROTECTION, Tour Coupole, 2 place Jean Millier, Arche Nord Coupole/Regnault, 92078 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX. The complaint should clearly provide as much detail as possible about the issue raised, including: The country and the TotalEnergies Subsidiary concerned, the Data Subject’s understanding of the violation of the BCRs, the redress requested; The Data Subject’s full name and contact details as well as a copy of his/her identity card or any other identifying document; Any previous correspondence on this specific issue. 2. TotalEnergies’ response Within three months of TotalEnergies receiving a complaint, the appropriate Branch Data Privacy Lead (“BDPL”) shall inform the Data Subject in writing of the admissibility of the complaint; and if the latter is admissible, of the corrective actions that TotalEnergies has taken or will take in response. The appropriate BDPL shall ensure that, if necessary, appropriate corrective actions are taken to achieve compliance with the BCRs. The appropriate BDPL shall send a copy of the complaint and any written reply to the Corporate Data Privacy Lead (“CDPL”). 3. Recourse process If the Data Subject is not satisfied with the response from the appropriate BDPL (e. g. , the complaint has been rejected), he/she may refer to the CDPL by sending an e-mail or letter as indicated above. The CDPL will review the complaint and reach a decision within three months of the data the request was received. Following this period, the CDPL will inform the Data Subject whether the initial response has been upheld or communicate a new response. The fact that Data Subjects may file a complaint with TotalEnergies does not affect their right to lodge a complaint with the competent National Supervisory Authority or bring an action before the court of the EEA Member State where the Data exporter is established.




##### Privacy | TotalEnergies.com — https://totalenergies.com/privacy
Privacy | TotalEnergies. com Privacy Welcome to the Website (hereinafter the “Website”) TotalEnergies SE is the « data controller » with responsability for personal data processing on the Website. These processing operations are carried out in accordance with the applicable law. 1. Purpose of processing, legal basis, the period of storage and types of data collected When visiting the Website, you may need to provide us with personal data. Purposes Categories of personal data Legal basis Retention period Respond to your information requests (e. g. press contacts, general information requests) Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Your data is kept for as long as necessary for processing. Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Sponsorship requests Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Advertising requests Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which it cannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Create your candidate account in our recruitment area Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Respond to your requests for information regarding your status as an individual shareholder or potential shareholder, or as an investor in TotalEnergies Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Statistics Connection data (IPs, Logs), Navigation You authorize us to process your data. This information is necessary to enable your request to be processed, otherwise it cannot be processed. You can withdraw your consent at any time without jeopardizing any processing operations that have already been completed, by writing to the following address: contact form 2. Recipients of the data In order to process your personal data according to the Charter, your personal data may be communicated to one or more of the data controller's departments or to TotalEnergies Group subsidiaries and one or more partners, independent distributors or subcontractors: Marketing service providers, software service providers. 3. Data transfers Any transfer of data to a country outside the European Economic Area shall be carried out in accordance with the applicable regulations and in such a way as to protect your data appropriately. As part of the services provided on the site and in order to respond to your requests, your data, such as your name, first name and e-mail address, may be transferred to TotalEnergies Group entities located outside the European Union. In order to ensure adequate protection of personal data originating from the European Economic Area that may be transferred to TotalEnergies Group entities located outside the European Economic Area, Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) have been adopted. For transfers of personal data not covered by BCRs to countries outside the European Economic Area, other measures are put in place to ensure adequate data protection. If you would like more information on our BCRs please see the next tab. For information on the other measures in place to ensure adequate protection, please write to the contact address indicated at the end of this page. 4. Data security and confidentiality The data controller takes appropriate steps to preserve the security and confidentiality of your personal data, including to prevent them from being distorted, damaged or disclosed to unauthorized third parties. . Editor Statistics atidvisitor, atuserid, atauthority Analysis of the traffic on the website. AT Internet Up to 6 months Advertising IDE, DSID doubleclick. net Analysis of the traffic on the website. doubleclick Up to 6 months Technical and functional __cfduid Optimisation of website performance Cloudflare 10 days Technical and functional preferred-language User's language preference Drupal 1 year Technical and functional utag_main Used by the Tealium tag manager Tealium 1 year Technical and functional CONSENTMGR GDPR consent choices, used by Drupal Tealium 180 days Technical and functional user-country-slb Protection of access to the SLB page Drupal Session Advertising utag_main Used by Tealium Tealium 6 months Social networks _fbp, fr, Allows the display of advertising products Facebook 90 days Social networks Customisation of the user experience on the platform LinkedIn Session or up to 6 months Social networks personalization_id Allows the visitor to share content from the website on their Twitter profile Twitter 6 months How to withdraw your consent? On your first connection to the Website 6. Your rights / Contact In accordance with the current regulations, you have the right to access and correct your data and to give post-mortem instructions. Regarding processing based on the performance of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, you have also the right to delete your data and to data portability and you can request a restriction of processing. By mail at the following address: TotalEnergies SE Direction de la communication Tour Coupole 2, place Jean Millier - Arche Nord - Coupole/Regnault 92078 Paris La Défense Cedex France By e-mail at the following address: data-protection@totalenergies. com. If you feel, after contacting us, that your rights have not been respected, you can lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. Summarized version of TotalEnergies' Binding Corporate Rules 1. Introduction The TotalEnergies Group (or “Total”) promotes a culture and practices regarding the protection of personal data 1, in accordance with the applicable laws. To this end, TotalEnergies has implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”). This document summarizes the data protection principles that apply under our BCRs and the rights granted by them. 2. Purpose Our BCRs are a set of internal binding rules, which are applicable to all of the TotalEnergies subsidiaries that have adopted them. They have been approved by the European data protection authorities. They allow TotalEnergies subsidiaries to transfer personal data originating from the European economic area (“EEA”) 2 to TotalEnergies subsidiaries located outside of the EEA in compliance with the applicable law. 3. Implementation scope Our BCRs apply to all EEA-originating personal data processed by TotalEnergies subsidiaries including data relating to former and current employees, job applicants, clients and prospective clients, suppliers and sub-contractors and the staff of third companies acting on behalf of the Group subsidiaries as well as shareholders (hereafter “data subjects”). 4. Protection principles The following principles set out in our BCRs must be respected, among which: Lawfulness Any processing 3 operation carried out has a legal basis, provided by the applicable law. Personal data must only be processed for lawful, determined and legitimate purposes. The data must not be further processed in a way which is incompatible with those purposes. Relevance Personal data must be accurate and proportionate, in terms of quality and quantity, in relation to the purpose of the processing. Transparency Personal data must be obtained lawfully and loyally. Data subjects must be informed about the characteristics of the processing of their personal data and about their rights, unless this proves impossible or would involve disproportionate efforts. Security Personal data must be protected by appropriate security measures to limit the risks of unauthorized access, destruction, alteration or loss. To do so, a set of internal norms apply, allowing to ensure the security and the confidentiality of personal data: The usage Charter for the IT and communication resources, that requires to act in accordance with the regulation and with the confidentiality rules; The Information Systems Security policy, that defines the governance mode of the security of information systems; The Information Systems Security Reference System, that enumerates, through 19 detailed themes, the different requirements of the Group in terms of security of information systems; The Information Protection policy, that presents the requirements relative to the protection of confidentiality, integrity and of the availability of the information held and exchanged within the Group When calling upon the services of a third party to process personal data, TotalEnergies subsidiary makes sure that the latter offers sufficient guarantees as regards the security and confidentiality of data. Retention Personal data must be retained only for a reasonable and not excessive period of time with regard to the purpose of the processing. When the retention period expires, the data is destroyed, anonymized or archived. International transfers 4 of personal data TotalEnergies does not transfer personal data originating from the EEA directly to a company not belonging to the Group located in a country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection (data controller or processor) without a legal basis under applicable law and instruments providing for sufficient safeguards, such as the standard contractual clauses. Similarly, where a data importer further transfers personal data originating from the EEA to a company not belonging to the Group (data controller or processor) located in a country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection, the data importer shall enter into an agreement with this company whereby it commits to observe the principles of BCRs. 5. Data subject rights Under our BCRs, data subjects whose personal data are processed have the following rights: Right of access to the data Right to rectify, erase and lock data Right to object to the processing Right to limit the processing [A comprehensive list of the rights granted by the BCRs is detailed in APPENDIX 1 hereafter]. Data subjects may exercise these rights by submitting a request using the contact details provided in the legal notice concerning the processing of their data. TotalEnergies subsidiaries undertake to give replies within the legal deadline about queries concerning the processing outside the EEA. Moreover, if data subjects believe that a TotalEnergies subsidiary has failed to observe the BCRs, they have the right to lodge a complaint by sending: An e-mail to: data-protection@totalenergies. com or A letter to TotalEnergies – DATA PROTECTION, Tour Coupole, 2 place Jean Millier, Arche Nord Coupole/Regnault, 92078 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX. Data subjects will be informed about the status of their complaint and of any further steps. The internal complaint procedure is described in APPENDIX 2 hereafter. The fact that data subjects may file a complaint with TotalEnergies does not affect their rights to lodge a complaint with the competent EEA data protection authorities or to bring an action before the courts of the EEA country where the TotalEnergies subsidiary responsible for exporting the personal data is established. 6. Governance An internal « personal data Protection network » is in charge of monitoring and controlling the implementation of the BCRs within the Group. It is composed of: A Corporate Data Privacy Lead who monitors and follows compliance actions at the Group level; Branch Data Privacy Leads who lead and coordinate compliance actions at the Branch level; Data Privacy Liaisons who lead and coordinate compliance actions at the affiliate level. 7. Internal control and audit To ensure the proper application of our BCRs, some internal control and audit mechanisms have been implemented. An annual internal control plan is defined by the personal data Protection network to assess the level of compliance of the Group’s processing regarding our BCRs. A reporting is also set up to report regularly on the actions plans that have been drawn up after evaluations. Furthermore, the Group Internal Audit Direction also integrates the control of the personal data protection pattern into its periodic audit plan. 8. Changes to Total’s rules If necessary, our BCRs may be completed or updated. 9. More information A copy of the comprehensive version of our BCRs as well as a list of TotalEnergies subsidiaries that adopted them can be obtained by sending an e-mail at: data-protection@totalenergies. com 1 Personal data means any information enabling the direct or indirect identification of a natural person. 2 EEA means Member States of the European Union plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 3 Processing means any operation which is performed upon personal data, whether or not by automatic means (e. g: collection, recording, storage, destruction…). 4 Transfer means all virtual and physical exchanges of EEA-originating personal data from one country to another. APPENDIX 1 THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY RIGHTS Our BCRs grant rights to Data Subjects to enforce the Rules as third-party beneficiaries. More specifically, they may enforce the following principles according to the terms and conditions set out in our BCRs: That any processing operation carried out within the Group must have a legal basis as provided for by Applicable Law; That TotalEnergies must collect and process Personal Data for legitimate, specified and explicit purposes and must not further process any Personal Data in a way incompatible with the purpose for which they were collected; That TotalEnergies must process Personal Data that are relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which they are collected, and that these Data must be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; That Data Subjects must be provided with easy and permanent access to the information relating to their rights under these BCRs; That Data Subjects whose Personal Data originate from the EEA must have a right of access, of rectification and of objection to the processing of their Personal Data in accordance with Applicable Law; That Data Subjects whose Personal Data originate from the EEA must not be subject to a decision that produces legal effects concerning them or significantly affects them and that is based solely on automated processing of Personal Data intended to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to them, unless that decision: Is taken in the course of the entering into or performance of a contract, provided the request for the entering into or the performance of the contract, lodged by the Data Subject, has been satisfied or that there are suitable measures to safeguard his/her legitimate interests, such as arrangements allowing him/her to express his/her point of view; or Is authorized by Applicable Law, which also lays down measures to safeguard the Data Subject’s legitimate interests; That TotalEnergies must implement appropriate measures to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data, having regard to the state of art and the cost of their implementation; That TotalEnergies must conclude a written processing agreement with any service provider used to process Personal Data, specifying that the service provider shall act only under Total’s instructions and shall implement appropriate security and confidentiality measures; That TotalEnergies must not transfer Personal Data from a Member State of the EEA or originating from the EEA to a company not belonging to the Group and located in a Third Country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection (either an External Data Controller or Processor) without a legal basis under Applicable Law and instruments providing for sufficient safeguards; That a TotalEnergies Subsidiary must immediately inform the Data exporter if this TotalEnergies Subsidiary deems that the legislation applicable in its jurisdiction is likely to prevent it from fulfilling its obligations pursuant to Total’s BCRs, and have a detrimental effect on the guarantees offered by these BCRs, unless where prohibited by a law enforcement authority, in particular as a result of a prohibition under criminal law to preserve the confidentiality of a law enforcement investigation; That any Data Subject may lodge a complaint with TotalEnergies through the internal complaint mechanism in accordance with the terms set out in the Chapter « Complaint handling »; That any Data Subject may lodge a complaint with the National Supervisory Authorities or bring an action before the court of the EEA Member State where the Data exporter is established in order to enforce the above principles, and, where appropriate, to receive compensation for the damage suffered as a result of a breach of Total’s BCRs. If, in the course of a transfer of Personal Data outside the EEA, the Data importer fails to observe Total’s BCRs, the Data exporter will defend any claim, establish that the Data importer has not violated the BCRs, and pay compensation to the Data Subject for the damage suffered as a result of that violation. APPENDIX 2 INTERNAL COMPLAINT HANDLING PROCEDURE 1. How to make a complaint Data Subjects may file a complaint by sending: An e-mail to: data-protection@totalenergies. com or A letter to TotalEnergies – DATA PROTECTION, Tour Coupole, 2 place Jean Millier, Arche Nord Coupole/Regnault, 92078 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX. The complaint should clearly provide as much detail as possible about the issue raised, including: The country and the TotalEnergies Subsidiary concerned, the Data Subject’s understanding of the violation of the BCRs, the redress requested; The Data Subject’s full name and contact details as well as a copy of his/her identity card or any other identifying document; Any previous correspondence on this specific issue. 2. TotalEnergies’ response Within three months of TotalEnergies receiving a complaint, the appropriate Branch Data Privacy Lead (“BDPL”) shall inform the Data Subject in writing of the admissibility of the complaint; and if the latter is admissible, of the corrective actions that TotalEnergies has taken or will take in response. The appropriate BDPL shall ensure that, if necessary, appropriate corrective actions are taken to achieve compliance with the BCRs. The appropriate BDPL shall send a copy of the complaint and any written reply to the Corporate Data Privacy Lead (“CDPL”). 3. Recourse process If the Data Subject is not satisfied with the response from the appropriate BDPL (e. g. , the complaint has been rejected), he/she may refer to the CDPL by sending an e-mail or letter as indicated above. The CDPL will review the complaint and reach a decision within three months of the data the request was received. Following this period, the CDPL will inform the Data Subject whether the initial response has been upheld or communicate a new response. The fact that Data Subjects may file a complaint with TotalEnergies does not affect their right to lodge a complaint with the competent National Supervisory Authority or bring an action before the court of the EEA Member State where the Data exporter is established.=== 2025-11-10 14:03:50 | https://totalenergies.com/privacy | 20.23 KB ===

Privacy | TotalEnergies. com Privacy Welcome to the Website (hereinafter the “Website”) TotalEnergies SE is the « data controller » with responsability for personal data processing on the Website. These processing operations are carried out in accordance with the applicable law. 1. Purpose of processing, legal basis, the period of storage and types of data collected When visiting the Website, you may need to provide us with personal data. Purposes Categories of personal data Legal basis Retention period Respond to your information requests (e. g. press contacts, general information requests) Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Your data is kept for as long as necessary for processing. Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Sponsorship requests Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Advertising requests Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which it cannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Create your candidate account in our recruitment area Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Respond to your requests for information regarding your status as an individual shareholder or potential shareholder, or as an investor in TotalEnergies Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Statistics Connection data (IPs, Logs), Navigation You authorize us to process your data. This information is necessary to enable your request to be processed, otherwise it cannot be processed. You can withdraw your consent at any time without jeopardizing any processing operations that have already been completed, by writing to the following address: contact form 2. Recipients of the data In order to process your personal data according to the Charter, your personal data may be communicated to one or more of the data controller's departments or to TotalEnergies Group subsidiaries and one or more partners, independent distributors or subcontractors: Marketing service providers, software service providers. 3. Data transfers Any transfer of data to a country outside the European Economic Area shall be carried out in accordance with the applicable regulations and in such a way as to protect your data appropriately. As part of the services provided on the site and in order to respond to your requests, your data, such as your name, first name and e-mail address, may be transferred to TotalEnergies Group entities located outside the European Union. In order to ensure adequate protection of personal data originating from the European Economic Area that may be transferred to TotalEnergies Group entities located outside the European Economic Area, Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) have been adopted. For transfers of personal data not covered by BCRs to countries outside the European Economic Area, other measures are put in place to ensure adequate data protection. If you would like more information on our BCRs please see the next tab. For information on the other measures in place to ensure adequate protection, please write to the contact address indicated at the end of this page. 4. Data security and confidentiality The data controller takes appropriate steps to preserve the security and confidentiality of your personal data, including to prevent them from being distorted, damaged or disclosed to unauthorized third parties. . Editor Statistics atidvisitor, atuserid, atauthority Analysis of the traffic on the website. AT Internet Up to 6 months Advertising IDE, DSID doubleclick. net Analysis of the traffic on the website. doubleclick Up to 6 months Technical and functional __cfduid Optimisation of website performance Cloudflare 10 days Technical and functional preferred-language User's language preference Drupal 1 year Technical and functional utag_main Used by the Tealium tag manager Tealium 1 year Technical and functional CONSENTMGR GDPR consent choices, used by Drupal Tealium 180 days Technical and functional user-country-slb Protection of access to the SLB page Drupal Session Advertising utag_main Used by Tealium Tealium 6 months Social networks _fbp, fr, Allows the display of advertising products Facebook 90 days Social networks Customisation of the user experience on the platform LinkedIn Session or up to 6 months Social networks personalization_id Allows the visitor to share content from the website on their Twitter profile Twitter 6 months How to withdraw your consent? On your first connection to the Website 6. Your rights / Contact In accordance with the current regulations, you have the right to access and correct your data and to give post-mortem instructions. Regarding processing based on the performance of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, you have also the right to delete your data and to data portability and you can request a restriction of processing. By mail at the following address: TotalEnergies SE Direction de la communication Tour Coupole 2, place Jean Millier - Arche Nord - Coupole/Regnault 92078 Paris La Défense Cedex France By e-mail at the following address: data-protection@totalenergies. com. If you feel, after contacting us, that your rights have not been respected, you can lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. Summarized version of TotalEnergies' Binding Corporate Rules 1. Introduction The TotalEnergies Group (or “Total”) promotes a culture and practices regarding the protection of personal data 1, in accordance with the applicable laws. To this end, TotalEnergies has implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”). This document summarizes the data protection principles that apply under our BCRs and the rights granted by them. 2. Purpose Our BCRs are a set of internal binding rules, which are applicable to all of the TotalEnergies subsidiaries that have adopted them. They have been approved by the European data protection authorities. They allow TotalEnergies subsidiaries to transfer personal data originating from the European economic area (“EEA”) 2 to TotalEnergies subsidiaries located outside of the EEA in compliance with the applicable law. 3. Implementation scope Our BCRs apply to all EEA-originating personal data processed by TotalEnergies subsidiaries including data relating to former and current employees, job applicants, clients and prospective clients, suppliers and sub-contractors and the staff of third companies acting on behalf of the Group subsidiaries as well as shareholders (hereafter “data subjects”). 4. Protection principles The following principles set out in our BCRs must be respected, among which: Lawfulness Any processing 3 operation carried out has a legal basis, provided by the applicable law. Personal data must only be processed for lawful, determined and legitimate purposes. The data must not be further processed in a way which is incompatible with those purposes. Relevance Personal data must be accurate and proportionate, in terms of quality and quantity, in relation to the purpose of the processing. Transparency Personal data must be obtained lawfully and loyally. Data subjects must be informed about the characteristics of the processing of their personal data and about their rights, unless this proves impossible or would involve disproportionate efforts. Security Personal data must be protected by appropriate security measures to limit the risks of unauthorized access, destruction, alteration or loss. To do so, a set of internal norms apply, allowing to ensure the security and the confidentiality of personal data: The usage Charter for the IT and communication resources, that requires to act in accordance with the regulation and with the confidentiality rules; The Information Systems Security policy, that defines the governance mode of the security of information systems; The Information Systems Security Reference System, that enumerates, through 19 detailed themes, the different requirements of the Group in terms of security of information systems; The Information Protection policy, that presents the requirements relative to the protection of confidentiality, integrity and of the availability of the information held and exchanged within the Group When calling upon the services of a third party to process personal data, TotalEnergies subsidiary makes sure that the latter offers sufficient guarantees as regards the security and confidentiality of data. Retention Personal data must be retained only for a reasonable and not excessive period of time with regard to the purpose of the processing. When the retention period expires, the data is destroyed, anonymized or archived. International transfers 4 of personal data TotalEnergies does not transfer personal data originating from the EEA directly to a company not belonging to the Group located in a country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection (data controller or processor) without a legal basis under applicable law and instruments providing for sufficient safeguards, such as the standard contractual clauses. Similarly, where a data importer further transfers personal data originating from the EEA to a company not belonging to the Group (data controller or processor) located in a country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection, the data importer shall enter into an agreement with this company whereby it commits to observe the principles of BCRs. 5. Data subject rights Under our BCRs, data subjects whose personal data are processed have the following rights: Right of access to the data Right to rectify, erase and lock data Right to object to the processing Right to limit the processing [A comprehensive list of the rights granted by the BCRs is detailed in APPENDIX 1 hereafter]. Data subjects may exercise these rights by submitting a request using the contact details provided in the legal notice concerning the processing of their data. TotalEnergies subsidiaries undertake to give replies within the legal deadline about queries concerning the processing outside the EEA. Moreover, if data subjects believe that a TotalEnergies subsidiary has failed to observe the BCRs, they have the right to lodge a complaint by sending: An e-mail to: data-protection@totalenergies. com or A letter to TotalEnergies – DATA PROTECTION, Tour Coupole, 2 place Jean Millier, Arche Nord Coupole/Regnault, 92078 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX. Data subjects will be informed about the status of their complaint and of any further steps. The internal complaint procedure is described in APPENDIX 2 hereafter. The fact that data subjects may file a complaint with TotalEnergies does not affect their rights to lodge a complaint with the competent EEA data protection authorities or to bring an action before the courts of the EEA country where the TotalEnergies subsidiary responsible for exporting the personal data is established. 6. Governance An internal « personal data Protection network » is in charge of monitoring and controlling the implementation of the BCRs within the Group. It is composed of: A Corporate Data Privacy Lead who monitors and follows compliance actions at the Group level; Branch Data Privacy Leads who lead and coordinate compliance actions at the Branch level; Data Privacy Liaisons who lead and coordinate compliance actions at the affiliate level. 7. Internal control and audit To ensure the proper application of our BCRs, some internal control and audit mechanisms have been implemented. An annual internal control plan is defined by the personal data Protection network to assess the level of compliance of the Group’s processing regarding our BCRs. A reporting is also set up to report regularly on the actions plans that have been drawn up after evaluations. Furthermore, the Group Internal Audit Direction also integrates the control of the personal data protection pattern into its periodic audit plan. 8. Changes to Total’s rules If necessary, our BCRs may be completed or updated. 9. More information A copy of the comprehensive version of our BCRs as well as a list of TotalEnergies subsidiaries that adopted them can be obtained by sending an e-mail at: data-protection@totalenergies. com 1 Personal data means any information enabling the direct or indirect identification of a natural person. 2 EEA means Member States of the European Union plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 3 Processing means any operation which is performed upon personal data, whether or not by automatic means (e. g: collection, recording, storage, destruction…). 4 Transfer means all virtual and physical exchanges of EEA-originating personal data from one country to another. APPENDIX 1 THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY RIGHTS Our BCRs grant rights to Data Subjects to enforce the Rules as third-party beneficiaries. More specifically, they may enforce the following principles according to the terms and conditions set out in our BCRs: That any processing operation carried out within the Group must have a legal basis as provided for by Applicable Law; That TotalEnergies must collect and process Personal Data for legitimate, specified and explicit purposes and must not further process any Personal Data in a way incompatible with the purpose for which they were collected; That TotalEnergies must process Personal Data that are relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which they are collected, and that these Data must be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; That Data Subjects must be provided with easy and permanent access to the information relating to their rights under these BCRs; That Data Subjects whose Personal Data originate from the EEA must have a right of access, of rectification and of objection to the processing of their Personal Data in accordance with Applicable Law; That Data Subjects whose Personal Data originate from the EEA must not be subject to a decision that produces legal effects concerning them or significantly affects them and that is based solely on automated processing of Personal Data intended to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to them, unless that decision: Is taken in the course of the entering into or performance of a contract, provided the request for the entering into or the performance of the contract, lodged by the Data Subject, has been satisfied or that there are suitable measures to safeguard his/her legitimate interests, such as arrangements allowing him/her to express his/her point of view; or Is authorized by Applicable Law, which also lays down measures to safeguard the Data Subject’s legitimate interests; That TotalEnergies must implement appropriate measures to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data, having regard to the state of art and the cost of their implementation; That TotalEnergies must conclude a written processing agreement with any service provider used to process Personal Data, specifying that the service provider shall act only under Total’s instructions and shall implement appropriate security and confidentiality measures; That TotalEnergies must not transfer Personal Data from a Member State of the EEA or originating from the EEA to a company not belonging to the Group and located in a Third Country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection (either an External Data Controller or Processor) without a legal basis under Applicable Law and instruments providing for sufficient safeguards; That a TotalEnergies Subsidiary must immediately inform the Data exporter if this TotalEnergies Subsidiary deems that the legislation applicable in its jurisdiction is likely to prevent it from fulfilling its obligations pursuant to Total’s BCRs, and have a detrimental effect on the guarantees offered by these BCRs, unless where prohibited by a law enforcement authority, in particular as a result of a prohibition under criminal law to preserve the confidentiality of a law enforcement investigation; That any Data Subject may lodge a complaint with TotalEnergies through the internal complaint mechanism in accordance with the terms set out in the Chapter « Complaint handling »; That any Data Subject may lodge a complaint with the National Supervisory Authorities or bring an action before the court of the EEA Member State where the Data exporter is established in order to enforce the above principles, and, where appropriate, to receive compensation for the damage suffered as a result of a breach of Total’s BCRs. If, in the course of a transfer of Personal Data outside the EEA, the Data importer fails to observe Total’s BCRs, the Data exporter will defend any claim, establish that the Data importer has not violated the BCRs, and pay compensation to the Data Subject for the damage suffered as a result of that violation. APPENDIX 2 INTERNAL COMPLAINT HANDLING PROCEDURE 1. How to make a complaint Data Subjects may file a complaint by sending: An e-mail to: data-protection@totalenergies. com or A letter to TotalEnergies – DATA PROTECTION, Tour Coupole, 2 place Jean Millier, Arche Nord Coupole/Regnault, 92078 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX. The complaint should clearly provide as much detail as possible about the issue raised, including: The country and the TotalEnergies Subsidiary concerned, the Data Subject’s understanding of the violation of the BCRs, the redress requested; The Data Subject’s full name and contact details as well as a copy of his/her identity card or any other identifying document; Any previous correspondence on this specific issue. 2. TotalEnergies’ response Within three months of TotalEnergies receiving a complaint, the appropriate Branch Data Privacy Lead (“BDPL”) shall inform the Data Subject in writing of the admissibility of the complaint; and if the latter is admissible, of the corrective actions that TotalEnergies has taken or will take in response. The appropriate BDPL shall ensure that, if necessary, appropriate corrective actions are taken to achieve compliance with the BCRs. The appropriate BDPL shall send a copy of the complaint and any written reply to the Corporate Data Privacy Lead (“CDPL”). 3. Recourse process If the Data Subject is not satisfied with the response from the appropriate BDPL (e. g. , the complaint has been rejected), he/she may refer to the CDPL by sending an e-mail or letter as indicated above. The CDPL will review the complaint and reach a decision within three months of the data the request was received. Following this period, the CDPL will inform the Data Subject whether the initial response has been upheld or communicate a new response. The fact that Data Subjects may file a complaint with TotalEnergies does not affect their right to lodge a complaint with the competent National Supervisory Authority or bring an action before the court of the EEA Member State where the Data exporter is established.




# --- https://totalenergies.com/privacy ---
Privacy | TotalEnergies. com Privacy Welcome to the Website (hereinafter the “Website”) TotalEnergies SE is the « data controller » with responsability for personal data processing on the Website. These processing operations are carried out in accordance with the applicable law. 1. Purpose of processing, legal basis, the period of storage and types of data collected When visiting the Website, you may need to provide us with personal data. Purposes Categories of personal data Legal basis Retention period Respond to your information requests (e. g. press contacts, general information requests) Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Your data is kept for as long as necessary for processing. Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Sponsorship requests Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Advertising requests Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which it cannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Create your candidate account in our recruitment area Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Respond to your requests for information regarding your status as an individual shareholder or potential shareholder, or as an investor in TotalEnergies Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The information collected is necessary for the implementation of the pre contract with TotalEnergies SE, without which itcannot be executed. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Identification data (name, first name, e-mail, phone number) The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest. Your data is kept for a maximum period of three (3) years from your last contact with us, or for the duration of our contractual relationship if applicable; and may be kept in an intermediate archive if necessary. Statistics Connection data (IPs, Logs), Navigation You authorize us to process your data. This information is necessary to enable your request to be processed, otherwise it cannot be processed. You can withdraw your consent at any time without jeopardizing any processing operations that have already been completed, by writing to the following address: contact form 2. Recipients of the data In order to process your personal data according to the Charter, your personal data may be communicated to one or more of the data controller's departments or to TotalEnergies Group subsidiaries and one or more partners, independent distributors or subcontractors: Marketing service providers, software service providers. 3. Data transfers Any transfer of data to a country outside the European Economic Area shall be carried out in accordance with the applicable regulations and in such a way as to protect your data appropriately. As part of the services provided on the site and in order to respond to your requests, your data, such as your name, first name and e-mail address, may be transferred to TotalEnergies Group entities located outside the European Union. In order to ensure adequate protection of personal data originating from the European Economic Area that may be transferred to TotalEnergies Group entities located outside the European Economic Area, Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) have been adopted. For transfers of personal data not covered by BCRs to countries outside the European Economic Area, other measures are put in place to ensure adequate data protection. If you would like more information on our BCRs please see the next tab. For information on the other measures in place to ensure adequate protection, please write to the contact address indicated at the end of this page. 4. Data security and confidentiality The data controller takes appropriate steps to preserve the security and confidentiality of your personal data, including to prevent them from being distorted, damaged or disclosed to unauthorized third parties. . Editor Statistics atidvisitor, atuserid, atauthority Analysis of the traffic on the website. AT Internet Up to 6 months Advertising IDE, DSID doubleclick. net Analysis of the traffic on the website. doubleclick Up to 6 months Technical and functional __cfduid Optimisation of website performance Cloudflare 10 days Technical and functional preferred-language User's language preference Drupal 1 year Technical and functional utag_main Used by the Tealium tag manager Tealium 1 year Technical and functional CONSENTMGR GDPR consent choices, used by Drupal Tealium 180 days Technical and functional user-country-slb Protection of access to the SLB page Drupal Session Advertising utag_main Used by Tealium Tealium 6 months Social networks _fbp, fr, Allows the display of advertising products Facebook 90 days Social networks Customisation of the user experience on the platform LinkedIn Session or up to 6 months Social networks personalization_id Allows the visitor to share content from the website on their Twitter profile Twitter 6 months How to withdraw your consent? On your first connection to the Website 6. Your rights / Contact In accordance with the current regulations, you have the right to access and correct your data and to give post-mortem instructions. Regarding processing based on the performance of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, you have also the right to delete your data and to data portability and you can request a restriction of processing. By mail at the following address: TotalEnergies SE Direction de la communication Tour Coupole 2, place Jean Millier - Arche Nord - Coupole/Regnault 92078 Paris La Défense Cedex France By e-mail at the following address: data-protection@totalenergies. com. If you feel, after contacting us, that your rights have not been respected, you can lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. Summarized version of TotalEnergies' Binding Corporate Rules 1. Introduction The TotalEnergies Group (or “Total”) promotes a culture and practices regarding the protection of personal data 1, in accordance with the applicable laws. To this end, TotalEnergies has implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”). This document summarizes the data protection principles that apply under our BCRs and the rights granted by them. 2. Purpose Our BCRs are a set of internal binding rules, which are applicable to all of the TotalEnergies subsidiaries that have adopted them. They have been approved by the European data protection authorities. They allow TotalEnergies subsidiaries to transfer personal data originating from the European economic area (“EEA”) 2 to TotalEnergies subsidiaries located outside of the EEA in compliance with the applicable law. 3. Implementation scope Our BCRs apply to all EEA-originating personal data processed by TotalEnergies subsidiaries including data relating to former and current employees, job applicants, clients and prospective clients, suppliers and sub-contractors and the staff of third companies acting on behalf of the Group subsidiaries as well as shareholders (hereafter “data subjects”). 4. Protection principles The following principles set out in our BCRs must be respected, among which: Lawfulness Any processing 3 operation carried out has a legal basis, provided by the applicable law. Personal data must only be processed for lawful, determined and legitimate purposes. The data must not be further processed in a way which is incompatible with those purposes. Relevance Personal data must be accurate and proportionate, in terms of quality and quantity, in relation to the purpose of the processing. Transparency Personal data must be obtained lawfully and loyally. Data subjects must be informed about the characteristics of the processing of their personal data and about their rights, unless this proves impossible or would involve disproportionate efforts. Security Personal data must be protected by appropriate security measures to limit the risks of unauthorized access, destruction, alteration or loss. To do so, a set of internal norms apply, allowing to ensure the security and the confidentiality of personal data: The usage Charter for the IT and communication resources, that requires to act in accordance with the regulation and with the confidentiality rules; The Information Systems Security policy, that defines the governance mode of the security of information systems; The Information Systems Security Reference System, that enumerates, through 19 detailed themes, the different requirements of the Group in terms of security of information systems; The Information Protection policy, that presents the requirements relative to the protection of confidentiality, integrity and of the availability of the information held and exchanged within the Group When calling upon the services of a third party to process personal data, TotalEnergies subsidiary makes sure that the latter offers sufficient guarantees as regards the security and confidentiality of data. Retention Personal data must be retained only for a reasonable and not excessive period of time with regard to the purpose of the processing. When the retention period expires, the data is destroyed, anonymized or archived. International transfers 4 of personal data TotalEnergies does not transfer personal data originating from the EEA directly to a company not belonging to the Group located in a country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection (data controller or processor) without a legal basis under applicable law and instruments providing for sufficient safeguards, such as the standard contractual clauses. Similarly, where a data importer further transfers personal data originating from the EEA to a company not belonging to the Group (data controller or processor) located in a country which does not provide an adequate level of data protection, the data importer shall enter into an agreement with this company whereby it commits to observe the principles of BCRs. 5. Data subject rights Under our BCRs, data subjects whose personal data are processed have the following rights: Right of access to the data Right to rectify, erase and lock data Right to object to the processing Right to limit the processing [A comprehensive list of the rights granted by the BCRs is detailed in APPENDIX 1 hereafter]. Data subjects may exercise these rights by submitting a request using the contact details provided in the legal notice concerning the processing of their data. TotalEnergies subsidiaries undertake to give replies within the legal deadline about queries concerning the processing outside the EEA. Moreover, if data subjects believe that a TotalEnergies subsidiary has failed to observe the BCRs, they have the right to lodg
