

##### Sustainable Energy Council — https://www.world-hydrogen-summit.com
Sustainable Energy Council Part of the Sustainable Energy Council Visit World Building a sustainable energy future, together The Sustainable Energy Council is on a mission to accelerate a hydrogen-powered energy transition. Hydrogen will be crucial to ensure a decarbonised energy future and at SEC we are committed to the development of a hydrogen economy. We play a key role by gathering public and private sector stakeholders at our global Summits to collaborate and sign partnerships for ambitious hydrogen projects that will significantly contribute to reaching net-zero goals. Join us on our mission and together, let’s make hydrogen happen. The SEC World-Leading Hydrogen Events Rotterdam Ahoy, Netherlands Visit World Washington D. C. , U. S. A. Visit Americas Sydney, Australia Visit Asia-Pacific Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Visit Saudi Arabia Marina Bay Sands, Singapore Visit Singapore The Sustainable Energy Council mission & vision Our Vision: A dynamic, sustainable world powered by hydrogen & renewable energy. Our Mission: To support the creation of a hydrogen industry, bringing together the leading hydrogen & energy players to collaborate and sign partnerships for ambitious projects that will deliver a successful energy transition. It was an excellent and well-organised event full of innovators, policy-makers and decision-takers. Steven Lua Chief Executive Officer Unitrove Good quality and highly respected presenters and valuable exhibitors. Aaron Smith Director H2 Energy Company Pty Ltd It was an excellent and well-organised event full of innovators, policy-makers and decision-takers. Steven Lua Chief Executive Officer Unitrove Good quality and highly respected presenters and valuable exhibitors. Aaron Smith Director H2 Energy Company Pty Ltd It was an excellent and well-organised event full of innovators, policy-makers and decision-takers. Steven Lua Chief Executive Officer Unitrove Good quality and highly respected presenters and valuable exhibitors. Aaron Smith Director H2 Energy Company Pty Ltd Google Ad-Tech Vendors. Manage Consent Preferences Always Active Confirm My Choices Back Vendor Search Clear Filters Apply Consent Leg. Interest Allow All Consent Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed Name _gcl_au Host world-hydrogen-summit. com Duration 89 Days Type First Party Description Name _gat_UA- Host world-hydrogen-summit. com Duration A few seconds Type First Party Description Name Host Duration Session Type First Party youtube. com Name VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Host youtube. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description Name VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Host youtube. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. Name YSC Host youtube. com Duration Session Type Third Party Description YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. Name __Secure-xxxxxxx Host youtube. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. doubleclick. net Name Host doubleclick. net Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange Name IDE Host doubleclick. net Duration 389 Days Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange linkedin. com Name lang Host linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name Host linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name li_gc Host linkedin. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description Name lidc Host linkedin. com Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description Name __cf_bm Host linkedin. com Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description spotify. com Name sp_t Host spotify. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Spotify, a USA based music streaming service. Spotify provides a number of tools to embed into websites, which enable the tracking of users and non-users across domains. Name sp_landing Host spotify. com Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Spotify, a USA based music streaming service. Spotify provides a number of tools to embed into websites, which enable the tracking of users and non-users across domains. www. linkedin. com Name li_alerts Host www. linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name Host www. linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name JSESSIONID Host www. linkedin. com Duration Session Type Third Party Description Confirm My Choices=== 2025-11-10 14:07:06 | https://www.world-hydrogen-summit.com | 5.34 KB ===

Sustainable Energy Council Part of the Sustainable Energy Council Visit World Building a sustainable energy future, together The Sustainable Energy Council is on a mission to accelerate a hydrogen-powered energy transition. Hydrogen will be crucial to ensure a decarbonised energy future and at SEC we are committed to the development of a hydrogen economy. We play a key role by gathering public and private sector stakeholders at our global Summits to collaborate and sign partnerships for ambitious hydrogen projects that will significantly contribute to reaching net-zero goals. Join us on our mission and together, let’s make hydrogen happen. The SEC World-Leading Hydrogen Events Rotterdam Ahoy, Netherlands Visit World Washington D. C. , U. S. A. Visit Americas Sydney, Australia Visit Asia-Pacific Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Visit Saudi Arabia Marina Bay Sands, Singapore Visit Singapore The Sustainable Energy Council mission & vision Our Vision: A dynamic, sustainable world powered by hydrogen & renewable energy. Our Mission: To support the creation of a hydrogen industry, bringing together the leading hydrogen & energy players to collaborate and sign partnerships for ambitious projects that will deliver a successful energy transition. It was an excellent and well-organised event full of innovators, policy-makers and decision-takers. Steven Lua Chief Executive Officer Unitrove Good quality and highly respected presenters and valuable exhibitors. Aaron Smith Director H2 Energy Company Pty Ltd It was an excellent and well-organised event full of innovators, policy-makers and decision-takers. Steven Lua Chief Executive Officer Unitrove Good quality and highly respected presenters and valuable exhibitors. Aaron Smith Director H2 Energy Company Pty Ltd It was an excellent and well-organised event full of innovators, policy-makers and decision-takers. Steven Lua Chief Executive Officer Unitrove Good quality and highly respected presenters and valuable exhibitors. Aaron Smith Director H2 Energy Company Pty Ltd Google Ad-Tech Vendors. Manage Consent Preferences Always Active Confirm My Choices Back Vendor Search Clear Filters Apply Consent Leg. Interest Allow All Consent Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed Name _gcl_au Host world-hydrogen-summit. com Duration 89 Days Type First Party Description Name _gat_UA- Host world-hydrogen-summit. com Duration A few seconds Type First Party Description Name Host Duration Session Type First Party youtube. com Name VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Host youtube. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description Name VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Host youtube. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. Name YSC Host youtube. com Duration Session Type Third Party Description YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. Name __Secure-xxxxxxx Host youtube. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. doubleclick. net Name Host doubleclick. net Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange Name IDE Host doubleclick. net Duration 389 Days Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange linkedin. com Name lang Host linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name Host linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name li_gc Host linkedin. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description Name lidc Host linkedin. com Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description Name __cf_bm Host linkedin. com Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description spotify. com Name sp_t Host spotify. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Spotify, a USA based music streaming service. Spotify provides a number of tools to embed into websites, which enable the tracking of users and non-users across domains. Name sp_landing Host spotify. com Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Spotify, a USA based music streaming service. Spotify provides a number of tools to embed into websites, which enable the tracking of users and non-users across domains. www. linkedin. com Name li_alerts Host www. linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name Host www. linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name JSESSIONID Host www. linkedin. com Duration Session Type Third Party Description Confirm My Choices




##### Hydrogen Americas Summit — https://www.world-hydrogen-summit.com/americas/en-gb.html?__hsfp=3998179320&__hssc=179398011.1.1716307459589&__hstc=179398011.56b96327e441d2cbbfec6076d1b85ce7.1716307459589.1716307459589.1716307459589.1
Hydrogen Americas Summit The Hub For Hydrogen & Energy Solutions In The Americas Region Unlock Expert Insights to Tackle Challenges and Thrive in the Dynamic Hydrogen & Energy Market TBC 2026 Gaylord National Resort & Convention Center REGISTER INTEREST The Americas' Changing Energy mix: Hydrogen, Gas, CCUS and Derivatives Discover the future of energy at the Hydrogen Americas Summit & Exhibition, the hub for hydrogen & energy solutions in the Americas. Connect with key policymakers, industry leaders, and innovators, engage with cutting-edge technologies, and forge partnerships that will shape the future of sustainability and growth. Gain unrivalled insights into the hydrogen and energy industry's ever-changing trajectory from top speakers including: Senator Laura Ellman Illinois State Senator; Chairperson Illinois Hydrogen Economy Task Force Dr Sunita Satyapal Hydrogen Leader; Former Director U. S. DOE Hydrogen & Fuel Cell Tech Office Nathan Lozanoski Director Project Dev CleanH2 & Carbon Capture Honeywell UOP Chris Green President Pacific Northwest Hydrogen Hub Levi Patterson Director Energy, Science & AI Infra. Policy NVIDIA VIEW ALL SPEAKERS Under the theme “Defining Hydrogen’s Role in Americas’ New Energy Landscape” this edition will examine the ever changing energy mix and how hydrogen, CCS and renewables must work in concert with nuclear, geothermal, gas, & LNG to achieve a secure, reliable and sustainable energy system. Bringing together industry leaders, investors, policymakers, and technology providers, the Hydrogen Americas Summit & Exhibition is the premier forum to share the latest insights and forge critical partnerships to enable clean energy projects across the Americas continent. DOWNLOAD THE BROCHURE Summit Engage in sessions from high-level speakers, build partnerships with key stakeholders, and discover practical pathways to accelerate your next project amid the region’s changing market dynamics. FIND OUT MORE Tech Series Hear case studies from leading companies like Ceres Power, Nel Hydrogen, and BoMax Hydrogen, improving efficiency, ensuring safety, and showcasing product implementation across various projects. VIEW PROGRAMME Visit Connect with top companies, explore hydrogen advancements, and learn how to integrate renewables, CCS, nuclear, geothermal, and gas plants for reliable, sustainable energy—all on the exhibition floor. VISIT US Venue & Travel Venue: Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center Travel info Show dates: TBC 2026 Hydrogen Americas is extremely valuable because it brings together leaders across the hydrogen and fuelcell industry to collaborate and identify new applications, new customer types and really allow us to network and move forward the agenda of decarbonization based on hydrogen fuelcells. So I am a big fan of the event. Ben Tobby Head of Commercial Strategic Initiatives Fuelcell Energy It was great to hear from some of the other leaders in the hydrogen hubs, some of the key companies that are taking action, understanding both the positives and some of the challenges. Hydrogen Americas gives us a real-world snapshot of what is happening today and helps me better understand what the competitive landscape and collaborate landscape as well. Brent Lakeman Executive Director Edmonton Region Hydrogen Hub This was the best hydrogen-focused conference of the 15+ I’ve attended over the past several years. Mack Hopen Commercialization Manager Modern Hydrogen I find that any good conference does a few things, it provides inspiration because you see others that are doing better than you that you can be inspired from, it provides networking, people you can learn from going forward, and it provides a cohort which is going to give you an ongoing learning opportunity, and from the people that I’ve met here today it seems that this conference is hitting all 3 of those marks really well. Michael Hecht President and CEO Greater New Orleans Inc Meeting many of the participants, there are some new players as well. I met some companies that were looking at industrial decarbonization, one of the companies is looking at offtake and using an AI platform, so I think it has already been successful. Because it is a little bit more intimate there is more opportunity for real discussions and making connections, so I think it has been really positive. It is a good example of bringing the industry together. Dr Sunita Satyapal Hydrogen Leader, Former Director U. S. DOE Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technologies Office Hydrogen Americas Summit has been a venue that pulls together thought leaders, those who really care about the industry, care about learning and networking. This year’s summit like all the others is a place with concentration of quality people wanting to understand how to make progress. The programme managers of Hydrogen Americas Summit really take time to understand among all types of conferences what is going to be relevant, what speakers makes sense and put together that intensity and intimacy at the same time. And I think that is a hallmark of Hydrogen Americas Summit. Frank Wolak President CEO FCHEA Hydrogen Americas is extremely valuable because it brings together leaders across the hydrogen and fuelcell industry to collaborate and identify new applications, new customer types and really allow us to network and move forward the agenda of decarbonization based on hydrogen fuelcells. So I am a big fan of the event. Ben Tobby Head of Commercial Strategic Initiatives Fuelcell Energy It was great to hear from some of the other leaders in the hydrogen hubs, some of the key companies that are taking action, understanding both the positives and some of the challenges. Hydrogen Americas gives us a real-world snapshot of what is happening today and helps me better understand what the competitive landscape and collaborate landscape as well. Brent Lakeman Executive Director Edmonton Region Hydrogen Hub This was the best hydrogen-focused conference of the 15+ I’ve attended over the past several years. Mack Hopen Commercialization Manager Modern Hydrogen I find that any good conference does a few things, it provides inspiration because you see others that are doing better than you that you can be inspired from, it provides networking, people you can learn from going forward, and it provides a cohort which is going to give you an ongoing learning opportunity, and from the people that I’ve met here today it seems that this conference is hitting all 3 of those marks really well. Michael Hecht President and CEO Greater New Orleans Inc Close page navigation Google Ad-Tech Vendors. Manage Consent Preferences Always Active Confirm My Choices Back Vendor Search Clear Filters Apply Consent Leg. Interest Allow All Consent Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed Name _gcl_au Host world-hydrogen-summit. com Duration 89 Days Type First Party Description Name _gat_UA- Host world-hydrogen-summit. com Duration A few seconds Type First Party Description Name Host Duration Session Type First Party youtube. com Name VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Host youtube. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description Name VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Host youtube. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. Name YSC Host youtube. com Duration Session Type Third Party Description YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. Name __Secure-xxxxxxx Host youtube. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. doubleclick. net Name Host doubleclick. net Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange Name IDE Host doubleclick. net Duration 389 Days Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange linkedin. com Name lang Host linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name Host linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name li_gc Host linkedin. com Duration 179 Days Type Third Party Description Name lidc Host linkedin. com Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description Name __cf_bm Host linkedin. com Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description spotify. com Name sp_t Host spotify. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Spotify, a USA based music streaming service. Spotify provides a number of tools to embed into websites, which enable the tracking of users and non-users across domains. Name sp_landing Host spotify. com Duration A few seconds Type Third Party Description This domain is owned by Spotify, a USA based music streaming service. Spotify provides a number of tools to embed into websites, which enable the tracking of users and non-users across domains. www. linkedin. com Name li_alerts Host www. linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name Host www. linkedin. com Duration 364 Days Type Third Party Description Name JSESSIONID Host www. linkedin. com Duration Session Type Third Party Description Confirm My Choices